I think it's then the key usage that we're proposing. The implication for the testers and here, this is a bit of a controversy. An attestation key, the authors feel like it must be used by a tester to only digitally sign the evidence. But it was raised in Montreal that we might want to create a CSR for that key, so this key might be used to sign something other than evidence. So we've put a shoot in here. And the implication for the cryptographic modules, obviously the modules need to provide the appropriate service to accomplish the recommendation proposed in the spec. So we've updated the document, we're coming back, we would like to ask for adoption. We have a draft right now as far as the data of the rats, which is evidence encoding for HSM's, which would be dependent on this EKU. So the work is split between the two groups as the EKUs are really a lamps concern and the evidence encodings really at rats' concern. So that's it for me. These are the pointers if you want to find the work. I'm going to do to entertain questions. Go ahead, Mike. Hi. I got a chance to talk with J.P. for about an hour last week and actually think a draft like this is necessary. The problem with the current draft, my point of view is that it's heavily rat-rat-to-side as opposed to being P-Kicks. There are a number of things that are in there that are problematic when you're just trying to look at getting key and role-myscfs, getting somebody is looking at a certificate to do something useful with it. It's perfectly fine for rats to say what they want to do on the rat side. It's perfectly fine for the CSR or other things to do what they want to do with the respect that you such it's probably not appropriate to go down one path in this document. Basically, let me tell the facts. There's a couple of things that are actually technical that need be fixed related to how you actually do access stations, so even the choose are one way, but there's also three by the encryption which is used in a couple of other systems. I don't want to eliminate those and I want to make sure that we don't prevent those from going in that case. There's a bunch of other little things. Again, that's why I'm going with this. Thank you. Mike? I'll express my opinion on whether to rats or not to rats. The point about not overly ratzing, I think, was sustained on the CSR test document. This EKU document is attempting to register an EKU for the wire format that we're specifying in the rats working group. This is a subordinate document to a rats working group document. So I don't understand the objection to ratifying a thing that is subordinate to a rats thing. I think my calls got a reply. Yeah, and I don't actually understand that. This is a document that is marking a certificate that says the certificate contains a key that can be used for access stations. Period of the state. It's not the key in this is a particular types of access stations. That's something different. And if you want to do that, and the EKU associated with something you create over a rat for rats. But this was supposed to be a more general purpose than I at least had to let Andrew set it. The first time this came around. So. If making this EKU specific to the P-Kicks evidence.