Well, good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman Danilu, and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF trust. And after that is going to be the IETF administration LLC report. And we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. This year, this time we're meeting, the order is going to be the IAB, the IESG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide, please. So before we get started, I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site, like the secretariat, the meet echo team, the NOC team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that pushed the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments, you know, as quickly kind of as possible. So we arrive at the meeting, we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Well, thank you for that. So next, I would invite to the stage, Mr. Xi'an Kai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Call尊敬的罗曼·丹伊利夫主席及代理主任女士们 先生们 朋友们大家下午好今天能与全球的互联网技术领域专家齐聚深圳共同参加IETF第125届大会我深感荣幸首先我请代表工业和信息化部信息通讯管理局 向远道而来的各位嘉宾 各位朋友 致以诚挚的欢迎 对大会的顺利召开 送上热烈的祝贺 向长期以来关心和支持中国互联网发展的各国朋友 表示衷心的感谢 作为互联网领域极具影响力的国际组织 IETF 自成立以来 在互联网核心协议 架构和技术标准制定等方面 做出了不可替代的贡献 为全球互联网繁荣发展奠定了坚实的技术基础 我们对此表示高度赞赏 中国秉持开放包容合作共赢的精神 坚持科技开放合作 支持互联网技术社群 深化国际交流 积极参与国际技术标准制定 网络基础设施互联互通 推动建设和平 安全 开放 合作 有序的网络空间 为维护可持续扩展和创新演进的全球互联网贡献力量 当前互联网领域新技术层出不穷 人工智能等技术与互联网深度融合 既带来发展机遇 也提出新的挑战 我们期待以本次大会为契机 共同深入讨论互联网前沿技术的和创新理念 也期待本次大会能推动各方形成更多务实的合作成果 共助全球互联网产业高质量发展 让我们携起手来开拓创新 永利潮头 共同构建网络空间命运共同体 让数字文明更好照顾全球人民 最后 祝愿大家在深圳期间工作顺利 生活愉快 谢谢大家 虞弈 Mr. Shein, Thank you for your very kind words and your welcome  Porque我们在之后 Wieder反etto 段回来自为一个优火长al店 前往今日当stve一年时 봄 我 now welcome to the stage Miss Zhang Xiao 佚 Π认为靳 ок помощ啊  cont qu'同所使用的代表 私立功励贵为绞波展  Спасибоのは Ow 재�inar We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. Next slide. We are now going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take if you are interested in more details for what I am going to talk about here or additional facts and figures and summaries since we last met. Please click on the link that says full report and you will see there is additional information. It has been updated a few times since it was initially issued. Next slide, please. If you could jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen. I wanted to put this all in context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we have gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we have had in Asia and the largest meeting we have had anywhere based on the registration count. Phenomenal to see the community come together. We will see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we have had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look around, you are sitting to your left, there are two people and one other person to your right. One of those people is new to the ITF unless you are. Almost one quarter of participants here at the ITF have never been to a meeting before and we are delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the ITF, all I can say is welcome. We are thrilled that you are here helping us shape the future of the Internet. Please join the mailing list. Please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes and we hope that maybe we will also see you in Vienna or perhaps in San Francisco, the future venues we have for our meetings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here. And also equally unsurprising, we have a very, very robust participation from China given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the IESG has issued no statements and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements was related to an appointment to the ITF Trust and to the IPMC. So first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner who has been selected and we really appreciate your willingness to serve, Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP 245 moderators and I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. Next slide, please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical, from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in Gen affects each and every one of you in the room because the processes defined in Gen impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and code points are specified here in ITF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS working group. If you aspire to tailor, to change or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the PROCON working group, the process document and consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I talked more about, the MOD pod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF. This was recently approved. To realize that and to implement that process, that first step is the IESG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be write those procedures and then of course execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the IESG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB who is in charge of liaison relationships working with the other standards kind of organizations is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the . . It appears we've lost Roman. If we could please stand by for one minute. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . And that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world in an interoperable kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie. And honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you. Thank you so much and, you know, best of luck with your, with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Then ask me sometimes you reply through to, Jamie so much for us to accountable for themselves, which is very difficult for us to watch out for us to get access to our good teachers. And we its 2010 games and that's one of our programs and there are just as many students around the world. Thank you. Thanks. Here we have Aberra days, a number worst place for us to be sure. since the last idea meeting and with that let me pass it on to dirk who will talk about irtf thank you hello i'm the coach i'm the irtf chair so before i give you um my updates um i'd like to say a few words so um as i actually i see it as my my job to you know bring in new communities especially you know the younger generation the next generation in our community so we're doing quite a bit of outreach training and so on and so at this meeting i have received really great and support i just realized in the past days so there has been a young tenant program in china supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different humanities to this meeting there has been a research fellowship fellowship program in malaysia that brought students here not only this meeting but also previously and there is a program in brazil that brought 18 people to this meeting and so the brazilian friends they had the longest journey by far so they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days and um could the brazilian baby please stand up so we can see you all welcome to the idea so they they come all this way to you know engage with us to meet the experts to meet the leadership and i really hope this will be worthwhile um okay so in the irtf we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week so we still have meetings by crypto forum rasp ag and network management ag coming up in the next two days please check that out um then we have the applied networking research workshop and the applied networking research prize that's these two instruments i intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee support high quality research and also get new ideas new people in and um aina w and the workshop is kindly supported by acm siccom and akamai and if we do this yearly at our summer ietf meeting so next one will be in vienna um idf 26 um the workshop chairs are thomas schmidt and suresh krishnan thanks very much for doing the work the call for papers is open please submit your papers until april 17th the applied networking research prize recognizes the best results in applied networking um from uh like last year so what we do is we um nominate um like top contributions in the field of applied networking and then there's a selection committee um that picks um the best ones um and this is supported by uh iso comcast and mbc uh universal and quite often we get um you know really really top uh papers on uh um topics that are really relevant and also quite quite current at the moment in the idf and um so just today in idf open uh we had uh two amrp um winners um so we had uh tianny gao and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks and uh shanggyuang for his um work on sending burstiness control for high quality real-time communication congratulations um so this week we actually had two idf open meetings so one just uh before and on tuesday we had one that was um dedicated um on discussing um internet working research challenges for eye so we know in many discussions on the broader topic so we wanted to figure out um what could be a productive role for the irtf in this field so beyond data centers beyond the immediate engineering challenges and there's a lot of working on in academia and um you know conference and so on we want to figure out okay how can we make this useful um for our larger community so invited um two really great um presentations uh on different aspects and had good good discussion and on potential topics so what we identified so far was you know test beds and data sets for reproducible experiments um like the bit broader distributed system and protocol design um for um this would be learning and inference platforms there are new architectures coming out and you know new abstractions for like collective communications and so on um but also um more principled approaches towards agent communication um you know also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the buff this morning um but so the idea here is to look a bit more into um the foundations of you know naming identity trust delegation and also group communication and yeah finally we also have a travel grant program so that's intended to bring early career researchers and phd students to our community from underrepresented groups this is kindly supported by akamai comcast google and netflix and um yeah so this time we had a robust uh participation uh from from asia really good gender balance and so we are already preparing the next program for vienna and so the deadline for applications is end of next week if you're interested or if you know somebody who might be be he said no thank you very much uh thank you so thank you so this is my last report as the itf nomcom chair for this cycle these were the people of the non-com 25 26 cycle the voting members some of them are here so please thank them if you see them in the hallway i've seen i see one of my uh noncomm members in the tokyo remote hub so people in tokyo thank him also um and here are the the non-voting members the liaisons and my advisor uh deon good but that's not it's not about us it's about selection for this year so we're very happy with the current selection so we had one can one uh selection for the llc board one for the trust itf trust and ipmc six uh selection candidates selected candidates uh for the ib a two-term uh period and for this year the idf chair and for the six areas candidates and assigned for the for a period of two years so i'd like to thank all the people that are are willing to serve for the next uh term uh willing to serve the itf thank you very much good one thing i want to mention is diversity of course that's something that's important to us to our community and also to the nomcom uh we got a day training this year like last year um about unconscious bias etc so that's important um i think that's something that the nomcom was very aware of also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations um some highlights here are well not highlight per se there's no gender diversity improvement this cycle so we're aware of that we're conscious of that but uh of course we try to improve every year but this is a this is an observation here uh we improved on regional diversity that's a good thing so different voices different perspectives are good for our community and so there's a constant improvement here and we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything i call it here the leadership pipeline young people new leadership next generation leadership um and we also hear that from the community in every review all the reviews we receive thank you the itf community for your reviews for your feedback on the on the nominees it's important and stressed think about new generation about the next generation leadership so um with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position the nomcom members always ask about thinking about your succession and luckily most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for or nominees actually for the next nomcom cycle and of course it's up to the nomcom in one two three four years to select the nominee but it's good that we have nominees to select from so thanks um yeah as i already said we are aware of it we are doing our best uh we are in a good place but we can always do better so it's a constant process another thing is well lessons learned the first first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before um it's a good document our rfc 8713 but they're in practical situations it doesn't say anything about well new situations or things we haven't thought of um so well there's one one thing mentioned the chair can with the nomcom always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process and well unaccepted or a not uh expected situation so it works uh as in the same bullet point here um the nomcom process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition um and that works also but and that's now now a new point i want to work on at least some basic documentation how the things work some steps basic steps at least uh how to proceed through the nomcom as a chair um and that could also help with the help of well kind of delegating tasks to the secretary because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary so it's good to have some documentation documentation and mostly the practical stuff um that's yeah and also for myself at least uh during the deliberations i spent a little bit too much time on the voting it's just to be a simple process but i was counting uh the yes and no's are simple but yes maybe no that becomes more difficult and then you have all kind of rankings so i think for the next year it's good to have this a little bit automated so it can focus on the focus on the process and on the discussions and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes uh so finally um yeah some words of thanks i want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the nomcom chair for this cycle it's very learn well i learned a lot and it was super interesting and it was very rewarding um also the idf community was very supportive in the beginning i made some mistakes and as you are you directly send me an email that i made a mistake but it was always supportive people helped me out so thank you um also the non-com voting members were very very dedicated so it was a great team i mentioned that already during the the november idf meeting and again the chairs advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice it's almost i get an uh an award for the oscar academy awards with all the thank yous good um before i leave the stage i want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the nomcom it's a lot of work yes it is but it's also you learn every lot of things about the idf process about the people in the idf and and its processes thank you and i will echo please do the nomcom it's a really great experience you learn so much and you meet some great people anyways i'm glenn dean and i'm the outgoing chair of the ipmc corporation and the idf trust this is our report uh to idf 125. so uh nomcoms do what they do and the isg does what it does and they they both appoint people uh to the idf trust and the ipmc board uh in this cycle we uh say goodbye to kristen burdan who has served us as an iesg appointee uh kristen was really helpful uh she's a lawyer by training uh very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing uh doing the idf ipmc uh creation and setup so thank you very much for kristen for your service to the idf trust and the ipmc then there's this guy um he's been around for quite a while and uh one trivia bit about the idf trust and the ipmc roles is they are not term limited many of our roles at the idf are term limited we like people stick around the idf trust to build up institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization that doesn't mean you stick around forever and this guy is leaving uh after sticking around for a little while so i i i've had a lot of fun i've learned a lot of stuff i will say if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the idf this is a great role to apply for in the future uh when i started it uh back in the day i was terrified i was walking in the shadow of giants and i learned so much uh by being part of it i really highly recommend that you consider it uh this coming year when the nomcom is appointing another person so uh thank you for letting me be in that role i've really enjoyed it so we have uh a new set of uh directors for the itf ipmc a couple of them are carrying over but we've got two new ones lars egret is coming in as is sean turner and we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers so i like to announce that wendy seltzer has taken on the role of ipmc president sean turner who i think is in in the tokyo uh remote is taking on the role of ipmc treasurer which wendy is vacated and lars will be taking on the ipmc secretary likewise uh the the idea of trust is in the final throws but we still needed uh some people around to close up shop and so the decision was made that the person uh that will be the trust chair uh for the very final role of the trust will be wendy so uh thank you wendy for taking on both roles all right so that's the in and the out stuff let's talk about uh what we've been doing so uh we like to give a report and usually these numbers are zero because you know trust is set up to be very boring and when everything's perfect it is very boring uh but since we last met in moutrela we've had two licensing requests uh that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get and we have issued one new license it was to the ieee uh to use the asn1 module from rfc 98.81 so there we we got one uh the other good news though is we have had zero legal actions which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there it means that we never we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody uh which is really good we should deal with intellectual property assets so here's the other uh big update if we've been working on this restructuring from a virginia trust into a delaware corporation and those of you have been around the itf for a little while i've been giving a lot of reports on this so we've had some progress uh the bylaws were updated uh between when we met in montreal and now we had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the ccg this is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the iana assets back in 2016 and we updated the ipmc bylaws to recognize the ccg's role uh with relation to the iana assets so it's formally connects that group with the bylaws that the ipmc operates under and that was up for a 60-day review and all of you gave us comments we took them into account and then in december we actually voted to adopt them and those are on the ipmc website at that url the ipmc is now doing the work of managing the ip except for patents the ipmc does not do patents for the itf and that is a major milestone so um hold your applause on that one because there's something coming up for that one but i think this is a major a major moment with something we've been working to for years and i'm super happy that we finally got there we're not fully done yet though the iana ip which is trademarks and domain names related to the iana function is uh still in process because we need some signatures there's agreements that establish the role of the itf trust with relation to the iana and there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the itf trust to the ipmc so i've done my signature before i be no longer was the chair uh i know that jay has done a signature on the behalf of the iab itf if you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures on sign the documents so we get that thing done uh and some final things roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the ietf's uh documentation uh because if you look at the itf documentation it's got the word ietf trust all over the place we have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the itf itmc as the successor uh to that so that drafts out there and is active uh it i saw that url for the ipr wg uh email list and finally the uh trust legal provisions which are now becoming the technical legal provisions so we can keep that same acronym are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the ipmc is now the party holding the assets to the itf one of the changes there's no legal changes to that document uh we're same terms if your lawyers have approved and like it they're remaining consistent two changes though since that draft or that document was first written version 5 the editorial stream got created and so we're officially recognizing it in in the next version uh that's just sort of a thing and the other thing is the independent stream uh there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works and so there'll be a separate document now published uh especially especially for the independent stream and oh and they'll be published for comment uh for a 38 period where you get your voice in so here's the thing i wanted to recognize uh you know we've done the outgoing for myself and for kristen but i think we should also do without going for the itf trust it served this community since 2005 when it was created uh it's officially ending operations this year it's got literally at this point i think about 1200 in the bank and it has a handful of dns domains that are part of the iana work that's it and so once those agreements are signed those things are transferred over and it does its final tax filings it's done so i i really did want to have a hand for the itf trust uh because it has made this what is the itf functional and it's done it for uh 21 years that's quite quite a service to this community and i wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as itf trustees this is an unpaid job they're all volunteers uh they've done a tremendous amount of work for this community uh and a lot of people don't even know what they do so it's which is good because it means they didn't get sued because no drama no excitement but anyways for the itf trust and for all the people volunteer can i please have a round of applause and that is how to contact the ipmc and get worse up george don't leave the stage so glenn thank you for your many years of service and allow me to present you with this plaque so you can't have it um hello and welcome my name is jay daly i'm the ietf executive director nice to see so many people in the room the ietf so this is the administrative report for the ietf and i'll start by thanking our ietf 125 host cn nick and our co-host xinghua university the internet society of china ccsa and the computer network information center of the chinese academy of sciences thank you very much i also want to thank very much huawei our special contributor and social event sponsor those of you who came last night to the social event i'm sure we'll remember that that is the best social event we have had that was spectacular thank you and then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor zte to our local sponsor ap nick and our local supporters call mail thank you i also want to thank our ietf 125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion thank you very much to akamai and huawei thank you and thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for itf 125 we have comcast and icann for diversity and inclusion we have zte for sustainability icann and cn nick for running code and d nick and nominates for the open internet thank you all very much and then finally thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsors without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the ietf with them we do currently thank you very much to all of you i should particularly like to note china mobile who and china unicom who have helped very much with this conference um we have staff on site helping us out with our wi-fi which is really going above and beyond thank you very much for that um every meeting it seems our logos get more and more desirable um so once again i'm happy to tell you we you can get our um our swag from the online store and um we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start um selling more advanced swag here at the meeting and we will be taking a look at our um building particularly for those people who go running such as our current itf chair so um i want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out we um in building the itf tools and in running the itf knock we rely on multiple people who um give their time freely to help that work so thank you very much to all of those people and um rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this but i think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here so we have the secretariat meet echo and the knock thank you all very much for your work here at itf 125 we only have a subset of the itf staff so i'm on site clearly i also have greg with me and three of our senior developers they are staffing the tools help desk so please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them we also have the rpc staff at ietf 125 alana alice and sandy are here they are also staffing a desk so if you have any questions about um rpcs sorry rfcs or the editing process please go and speak to them um and we have the full secretariat on site as well um so this is a simple diagram of the um current structure there so um look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support see them if you need to want to speak about anything particular um then please speak to them as well as well as the ietf so finally um on the thanks thank you to our global hosts our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the ietf and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need thank you very much so ietf 126 vienna registrations are open this will be in july we are expecting to come we are just about to sign with the host for the meeting so that's good news for us and i hope very much to see as many as possible of you there so looking forward to our meetings um we have vienna coming up and then after that we have ietf127 in san francisco and since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced verisign as the host of that meeting ietf 128 in asia we are still in the negotiations with it generally takes us quite some time to negotiate asian venues they are more complicated we often have to use convention centers and us being a us company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship so that's going ahead um we certainly aim to announce that by vienna um if possible ietf 129 europe that was due to be signed and then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day so we are just trying to work through that and then we'll be able to announce that um hopefully quite shortly ietf 130 in has now been announced that's the hyatt regency vancouver that we've been back to a number of times um and we are of course looking for a meeting host for that ietf 131 in asia we have held some site visits to um a relatively large country there to look at potential venues and we are hoping to and we're in the negotiations now um about that so that's moving forward ietf 132 europe um is a little bit um in the back burner while we sort the others out and ietf 133 is not on here north america but we are currently exploring um an exploratory meeting in south america for that okay so that's where we currently are with our meetings booking we're a little bit behind but we have so many of them quite close that we'll catch up quickly and then we'll be a bit ahead i think by the end of this year on meeting bookings so that's it for me thank you very much handing over to miriam thanks jay i hope you hope you can hear me and see me um my name is miriam kuhner i'm the board of the um llc i'm the chair of the llc board that's more correct and i would like to thank you actually for um selecting me for another term studying at this um at this meeting um i think cindy is gonna control my slide so please go on to the next slide yes this is the full board you can see here and gonzalo and george are there with you in person and roman institute saw was um online i'll be on i'm online here and and shauna cannot join us um for this um meeting um but you're all watching so next slide please yeah this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the the um end of year um balance and i'm not going to go through all the numbers you can do that in your own time i mean for transparency reasons obviously we put them here on the slide so they'll be published you see some notes there so if you go to the next slide um you'll see some explanations and more details can be found always in the financial statements that we publish um every month and then also at the end of the year overall one thing to note here is that there are some um like higher numbers as budgeted so the positive um variances there are mostly comprised of um and additional endowment contributions which always welcome um isoq matching funds um also the annual contributions from isoq and some unrealized gains from investments and that that we have and there so um that's um that's good news so next slide please um just some items that the board is currently working on um we are still working on the secretariat contract we tendering that's ongoing um we've published the um the 2026 um budget um after the consultation of the community consultations um so that's out um on on the website um as you've seen we've um piloted the remote room we piloted this like new feature with remote rooms for itf meetings and i've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions it seems to work really well and so well thanks mostly to lsc staff and they're greg wood i think what took the lead um for making this this possible and then we're going to evaluate the experiences with this and after the meeting and see how we can can move forward with that um and and we're also having our annual um retreat in april the the board retreat we're preparing for that to look at like future planning for the strategy and risk register and other um plans that that we um that that we we're doing kind of on an annual basis um one thing that's not not on here but it's certainly also on our mind our um you know meeting network and and and and and the meeting locations and i really i want to stress that i really appreciate the um the feedback provided so far on the various lists specifically also on meeting networks and and and and we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well i know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the itf network that will be discussed tomorrow i believe in gen dispatch and then i will see where that goes after that and so yeah please watch that space and contribute to that work next slide please um you can also contribute um to our work well by participating in our board meetings we have a monthly board meeting here the dates they are also on the website and and um and michelle the secretary she always sends out announcements for the board meetings so they're open to observers um at least like you know partially part of the meetings we also have some close sessions with staff and um and jay but um but yes please join us for these um for these board meetings if you have any questions or or contributions to our work um next slide please i think that's about it yes you can find a lot more information on the websites from financial statements um to the board meeting minutes and and announcements and also here are a number of um of mailing address mail addresses and lists that you can reach us admin discusses our generic kind of at the administrative mailing list where most of these topics um are being discussed um so i think that's it for now thank you for listening is you Let's distribute. Well, let's start with thanking the outgoing IAB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen, as we know him as Fluffy, and I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair now that he's not on the IAB anymore, maybe. But seriously, it's so good to talk to you. When we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to the heart of the matter. And with that much clarity of thought, it has been amazing having discussions with you. Miria, you have served a decade on the leadership at the IAB and ISG. Every term with so much dedication, so much hard work, it has been amazing. The things that you have done as the IAB chair have such a lasting impact. You have opened the IAB with IAB open, the way we do liaisons, the way we even our website revamp. So everything that we think of IAB as current has been done under your leadership and it has been amazing. Tommy, on the big screen, always calm, collected, always clear in thought. As the IAB chair, we went through a transition, we had a bigger geographic and time zone dispersion, we had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well. And there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an IAB, we went through new activities with respect to more active participation at Internet Governance and you helped us. We made sure that each of us at the IAB felt supported in all the activities that we do. So, thank you. And finally, Chin. Chin has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management, operations and Yang. Chin showed us the diverse participation matters. Having a viewpoint from looking from different areas, from different geography, bringing a different viewpoint to this IAB is fundamental. And Chin, you have shown that in your last two terms. So with that, I would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four outgoing members. For the two outgoing members who are here, we can use a photo opportunity. Mirya, can I invite you, please? And Chin. Let's go this way. We won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Cullen, but I think maybe somebody can make an AI-generated one. And with that, let's do introductions and then we'll do open mic. For introduction, let's start with Jason. Jason Livinggood, IAB. Mark Nottingham, IAB. Mia Kulevind, outgoing IAB. Suresh Krishnan, IAB. Warren Kamari, in a surprising turn of events, IAB. Jaroslav Rosamacho, incoming IAB. Drup Dhodi, incoming IAB chair. Alvaro Ratana, IAB. Incoming IAB. Incoming IAB. Drup Dhodi, incoming IAB chair. Alvaro Ratana, IAB. Incoming IAB. Dukucha, IRTF chair. Alvaro Ratana, IAB. Alvaro Ratana, IAB. Incoming IAB. Duk Dhodi, incoming IAB. Duk Dhodi, IRTF chair. Alvaro Ratana, IAB. Can we have remote folks? Ali? Ali? Is Ali on screen? Oh, yes. Sorry. Sorry. You can hear me now? Yes. Hello. This is Ali, Ali Bhigan, incoming IAB. Thank you. Kallen? Fluffy, outgoing. Glad that the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Do we have Jana or Fima? Cullen? Mr. Lush, can we have remote folks? Ali? Ali. Ali? Ali. Ali. Ali Kazan, IAB. Ali? Ali. Ali. I don't see Jannah maybe. Matthew? Hi, Matthew Bocce, IAB. Nick? Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. And Roman, how come we are missing you? ... I think we can't hear you, Roman. Okay, move on. Open mic. Questions for the IAB. And somebody will help me with the cue? Oh, here we are. Arnold. Right, so congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are leaving. And so I have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by IAB, especially on the liaison. I think Miria and Suresh are working on that one. I think this is really good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about liaison. I observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework. Liaisons are good, but they are just one part of the equation. We have seen in some areas like DiEM between IETF and EG17. We started to have leadership that started to speak to each other. And I must say thank you to Jim Reed. I don't know where Jim is, but he was the one who pushed us here to do that and that was good. We, however, it's only this week I realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other. And not that people don't want, in fact, but people don't know. Not only don't know, but even I don't know. I don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process, tools, etc. So that's probably something we should explore. The second thing is that I was approached with a lot of questions after my side meeting. I would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are doing to the IAB so that we can really intimately understand together how we work and what could be tangible actions we could do together. Then, the next point is about opportunities. There is going to be on the ITU side a plenipotentiary that's supposed to be in Doha. We'll see what happens, but that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions. And I want to come back on the workshop on China and protection that the IAB promoted. Now, there is the window it's slightly opened to make a change in this resolution. If you have some desires based on what you are doing now, now is the moment. It never happened in years. And we managed to unlock the doors at member state level. So now they know that they're going to modify it. So if you want to size this opportunity, do it. The last point is about AI. AI, AI, AI. Okay? So, here, the frustration are the friction of three IETF meetings that each of them had side meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream. I can understand Madrid, okay, Montreal. now again. In fact, this week, we did the first official meeting with the buff catalyst on agent EKI. So, the problem is timing. And so, if you move your brain until what's going to happen next, and you consider a number of risks, including for San Francisco in November, that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there. I am doing on my side three meetings, one plenary and one content week from now until next July. So, it's an offer. I can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings. Size it because this will give you input to prepare the July meeting in Vienna. We must have something in concrete in Vienna because if San Francisco is risky, that's the only moment we can do something. So, we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in Vienna and I will bring all the input you need to make it happen. I know it shows a lot of things. You don't need to answer now but these are things we can do offline. Thank you. Let me tackle just a few points very quickly. We will not go in depth for all of them. With respect to liaisons, I completely agree. The first thing that we have to do is relationship. I think that's when we do best when we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that. So, any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can up to discuss, we can of course maybe get some better tooling. Whichever way you have that we find people, reach out to us, we want to do this better. With AI, the last question, I think I'll leave that to ISG. From the IAB side, I think we are watching, we are, we help during the BOF preparation with catalyst, with other things, so we are watching, but that question specifically with side meeting and everything, it's for the ISG, so hold on to that. Remind me, any other, what were the two other questions? Resolution. For ITU PP, so thanks for bringing it up, we have plans to participate, we are discussing, this is still a lot of inputs coming in, let's continue the conversation. Does any other IAB member want to add? Yeah, please go ahead. Yeah, I actually appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this way forward and like you are helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups in ITU, I think actually that works very well and it's too sad, like if you need to improve, we can do that, but I'm actually very positive that I'm seeing that, so thank you for that. There is one regret I have, just that can say that. Tommy and I discussed an idea of a workshop on agent EKI, that would have helped remove a lot of heat and get the debates on, we didn't do it, I don't know why it happened, but that's something that the IAB could have done. Now it's too late, but we have another way we can do it and achieve it for life. For the liaison piece, in fact, there is something that is simply a lack of practice in terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer a liaison statement, because for us, sometimes, tell us don't do it. that would help us enormously, because until we receive something from the community here saying, ITU don't do that, I cannot show that to member states. So there are a few simple things that if the leadership works together, we can pass you the message and help you organize that, and it's easy. It will not take much time and everybody will be happy. I think we have made a bunch of improvements on that. We have been sending acknowledgements at least, as well as nudging various groups where action is needed, but as we have discussed this multiple times, it's just a very different fundamental way the two organizations work. We have to find a middle ground. Let's continue to talk. That's what I can offer. Any other? We have one more person, but I can't see the name. Andrew. In Chenzen, I just wanted to say for being extremely important to their work over the last two, three years on outreach. It has made a difference and it has shifted the reputation of the community significantly in other bodies. Thank you for doing that. Please continue. Thank you, Andrew. I didn't catch everything, but it seemed like you were happy, so that's good. anyone else? Anyone else? Otherwise, going once, going twice, and ISG. Thank you. So I'd welcome the incoming and outgoing ISG to the stage. So, let's keep going. All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time. Which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of practical approach got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF where we merge the open source community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And you know, we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the RAD, but you're also the shadow sec and wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So Ori, really thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but you know, Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a sec area. So being a sec area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area. How we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting, if meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you outgoing ADs. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition. If we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see, kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to get us started. Okay. Hi, everyone. I'm Charles Eccle, incoming art AD. Andy Newton, art AD. Orit Steele, outgoing art AD. Roman D'Oniio, gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming int AD. Eric, your turn. No, I'm going int AD. Sorry. So Eric, the other, Eric Ving, the other, ongoing int AD. And I'm going into AD. Sorry. Eric Ving, the other, ongoing int AD. And I'm going into AD. And I'm going into AD. And I'm going into AD. So Eric, the other, ongoing int AD, and by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be int AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of Ops AD. Jim Gishaw, routine AD. Ketan Talavnikar, routing AD. Kintar Van Der Velde, in and outgoing, outgoing and incoming routing AD. And Mumun Dukadev, Ops AD. Doug Kuli, sec AD. Chris Anasio, sec AD. Chris Anasio, sec AD. Paul Watt is outgoing, sec AD. Druk Dhodi, incoming IAB, chef. Mike Bishop, with AD. Gauri Fahurst, renewing AD for WIT. Tommy. Chris Anasio, нач withord, and Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay, so the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. But I think that's a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BAAF proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BAAF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your sort of dispatch groups and BAAFs taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you're going to volunteer to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. We should take that and try to work on it. All right. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arno, I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Drew has sent the question on the, on the, on my little bit of critique regarding the, the way we manage the agent AI situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that that's created. And in fact, it's good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have, we cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. We are not, so that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And, uh, to be very direct, I would, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from, from the leadership here to say, the guidance is this, whatever you guys want to do. Okay. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to, um, to stop this, uh, this, this entropy level. So thoughts. Yeah. I would say we've heard from multiple angles are no like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the, the, the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all of that energy and excitement. That's not in the official process into the official process. Uh, and you know, in a sense, how do we do that? Uh, recognizing that we have certain strengths in the ITF with how we run things in tightly bound charters and, you know, what is the approach to on ramp it, you know, in there, the boss that, you know, that we just had in catalyst is one of those approaches. That is one of, I'm sure many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the, that the ISU takes up at its, uh, at its, uh, strategy meeting slash kind of offsite about how to convert the energy, not just in AI inside meetings, into structural things in the, in the standards process. Hey, uh, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on, on the subject of meeting, you know, between ITFs. Um, we do have the capacity to do virtual interim boffs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but, uh, Francesca previous art ID helped set that up. So, um, if that's something that, uh, your, you know, communities or groups that have been meeting inside meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two, uh, fellow art IDs to take your requests. Um, but I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should, we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Uh, thanks. Sorry. So the, the, uh, I, I cannot do that for you. I mean, I, I don't know enough what what's possible, but that that's certainly a possibility just as a point of benchmark. And I know I have a life, which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we, you, we had the first meeting on agent TKI this week, thanks to Adrian, uh, and the team on the catalyst red job. That's step one for me. Step one started December 24th. So in 15 months I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignment, understanding, uh, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there and time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. Um, we have associated problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom of the approach and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well, other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah. Strongly agree. Uh, to solve the AI, uh, problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not, not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations and open source to, to kind of get us, get us there. Uh, okay. Thank you. Uh, so I, Jun, you're next in the queue. Yeah. I do. I'm from a telecom. I have the, uh, similar, uh, cancer for the, uh, working of the AI agent is, uh, ITF, you know, uh, in this meeting, there are about, uh, over 16 side meetings related to the AI. Uh, and I think many of them, uh, many content, many of them content is overlapped. Uh, so, uh, I think it is a necessary to, uh, determine quickly, uh, how we, uh, uh, put forward this work in one more formal manners. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you kind of for that feedback, uh, again, to repeat a little bit of what I said, kind of prior, uh, the catalyst boff is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the, out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that, uh, AI is not a homogeneous topic. Uh, it intersects, uh, it intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring, bring in are intersections of the existing work that we, of the existing areas that we have. Each one of those has some mechanism to, to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working routes. So we should also leverage those processes just because again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Uh, Martin. Yeah. Martin Duke, uh, contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. Um, uh, I was president at the, the, the creation or the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I, I, I kind of feel like the, uh, I'm very, I'm conscious probably more than most people to how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF. But I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. Um, in particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch at all on, on Monday morning. Um, that proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to, you know, really self-contained groups that, that really have no interaction with anything else. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users. Uh, for the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And, uh, I, I have to be chair of the MOQ now. Um, my working group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. But I just, I just want to leave the comment with the IHG. Let's, let's try to preserve that, that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Um, and I think that's a great question. Yeah. Thank you. Uh, thank you kind of Martin, uh, where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we of course have ended up with us, a federated, a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together, like sec, uh, wit and art, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Uh, okay. Next up, uh, Roberta. You're next. Hi. Hi. Uh, I have a question related to maybe from foundational, uh, knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information, like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work. Specifically that would be the non working groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the, you know, some of the terms that has a connection with it. For example, for agent, take AI agents and AI itself. Uh, where, uh, would be the place for you to put maybe information related to how agents work. And that's part of, you know, the foundational models, those kinds of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts. Is there a place that we can, you know, join information and do some, maybe a state of art of some of the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it. Uh, I don't pretend to understand the, all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture, but if you're asking for what would be an org, what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross cutting and have that as adorable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF. I think the answer would be to produce an ID, an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically. And so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. Thank you. And on the same topic, if you allow me to, to add, even if you talk to one area director, it can easily refer you to others. Right. And I've done it multiple times. DM is in art. It started in, for instance. Right. So it's quite common. Thank you. We talk to each other. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line, uh, empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? I'm pausing, waiting. James. James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, we, okay, you have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, uh, ISG, thank you. And we'll move to the next, uh, of our open mics. Thank you.적인 붓. Hello. Hello, I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats. Great. Thanks. I think we're ready. Do you want to do a quick introduction, please, on stage, starting with George? George Michelson, LLC board. Montalo Camarillo, LLC board. Jay Daly, ITF executive director. And then we have you, Roman. Roman Danilio, LLC board. And Miriam Kuhner, LLC board. I see a list of people in the queue. So, Rahul, go first, please. Oh, camera's facing the wrong way. Doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the in-person fee waiver. I'm having a, I find that the process, the decisions are made very late. And the process is as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences than, rather than us who are living in Asia, because even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India. I need to travel to China. I need a visa. And that process takes easily one to two months. And for that reason, last, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous ITF. I had explained that the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me in advance itself that it's not possible for you to make that decision? Unfortunately, I basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last minute travel because even last minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me are going to want to come to ITF. I'm been bringing work consistently to ITF. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF, when they learned of a similar situation, actually did move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So let me take that question, Miriam, because that's, this isn't an LLC matter, this is the ITF chair matter. So yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. The, you're, you're exactly right. The IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach for the, for the, for the, for the, the things given out by the ITF chair is one month out. And that's largely historically been done to, to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long-term kind of sustainment and, and, and, and grant kind of opportunity, the same way the IRTF is run. So there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for, for why those, why those, those fee waivers are handed out, but your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa, they have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges. So it may take time for that paperwork to, to process. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at, at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And I will commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches, one to continue doing it as as, as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage the, to do an early tranche of approvals, because I do, I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after a typically meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So stay tuned around. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Mark. Hi, Mark Nottingham. So in the presentation, we said the Secretariat contract is still being renegotiated. And I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Are there, can you communicate anything about why that is? Are there major sticking points? Mark Nottingham No, we can't explain anything about it at all. So no to the first part, but not to the second. Mark Nottingham No to the first one and no to the second one. So there aren't any sticking points. Mark Nottingham Sorry, so there are no, everything is continuing smoothly. These things just take some time. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Jay. Next up is Andrew. Andrew. Hi, good morning. Hopefully, good evening, rather. Hopefully you can hear me. I just want to say I was in the ICANN meeting in Mumbai last week, which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue. ICANN's agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITFs. Yet, from my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge the opportunity to consider India as a future venue. I think it'd be excellent for us to go there. And ICANN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. Pete? Hi. In the past couple of weeks, actually, once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments, which at least are interpretable as the ITF LLC is the ITF. For some of us old crusty folks, that's that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world, that the SDO is completely independent of the LLC, as sort of part of the charter of the LLC, that there should be no way to influence the ITF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the ITF, as far as I know, the ITF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is OK, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper, or if I'm missing something. Yeah, thanks for bringing this up, Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there is any confusion. I don't know, Jay, if you want to comment on that, but I don't think we would say the, you know, the LLC equals the ITF. Yeah, so to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the ITF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the ITF LLC is constructed to at times be the LLC, sorry, to at times be the ITF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the ITF, then the LLC will be there in court as the ITF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up and it will not be on behalf of those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will not be the ITF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The ITF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role and at times in that bowl, it has to be the ITF. The other one I gave you example was the trading name that the ITF LLC can use that trading name as the ITF for things. Okay. So what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation. And to say that that nuanced view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem I have is if the ITF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason, I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the ITF. The ITF, the SDO is those 7,000 individuals. Now, I don't know how a court deals with that problem. But at least within the community, there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the ITF, the SDO. And if for purposes of contracting and other things, a DBA does not bother me. If the ITF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing business as the ITF, whatever. That's a business relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO, I think is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. Well, thanks for pointing this out, Pete. Well, yeah, I don't know how to respond to this at this stage. I wasn't in there when the comments were made. But yeah, we'll discuss this and how to make sure to not come across as confusing, apparently. Thanks. Jean? Hi. Thanks. Jean-François Queralt. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with the visas. In our particular case, we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows. And unfortunately, we just got their approval two days too late corresponding to their flights. That's nobody's fault. I mean, it's just the way it goes. I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed, whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how they would apply to the visa. So what we discovered that we ourselves, that's our fault, we did not pay attention to, the Chinese New Year was right in the middle. And so for 10, 12 days, the embassy was closed in Delhi. And that just delayed the whole thing. What would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and decent time to get the visas done. Because of that closure, it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that was ever a part of the thinking process. And if not, whether it would be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into on the way. Yeah, thanks, Jean. I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist for the meeting for the planning, but it's a good point. We could, it's probably not always going to be possible to add this into the planning cycle, but it's definitely something we can take into account. Thank you. Who's next? Eric. Hi. Hi. So there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting about the suitability of this venue and whether people would be able to attend. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in, the majority of the participants were remote. And also a huge fraction of leadership, including by my count, the majority, the IESG and the IAB are remote. Do you have any comments? Do you have any comments about what? Exactly. About the suitability of this venue in light of those facts. Well, I can point you to Roman's statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and on-site compared to other meetings. And I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to work really well, actually, you know, especially also for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization, including you, by the way, I would notice. Yes, including myself, and I'm participating remotely. It's not the only ITF. I'm not participating in person. I mean, so I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean, there are a lot of people on-site, especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems to have worked out well. I don't know if there are any other comments from other board members. Since the ISG was kind of mentioned, kind of speaking from that, yeah, there definitely is not the full complement of the ISG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are sponsored by kind of someone, and our ability to travel and participate in different venues is kind of contingent on said approval. And a number of parties, at least on the ISG, I won't speak for the other leadership bodies, were not kind of approved, and this is what that turnout kind of looks like. We're waiting from the ISG side, at least, we are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on, you know, what was the experience of kind of all the participants. In particular, we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey. So we are going to have some after, you know, as an after action, some perspective on what those experiences are. From the very kind of quick looks we had, participation may also be uneven kind of across areas. areas about how much remote and is on site, but it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see any on the stage. Next up, Rahul again. Yeah. So building on my question, as well as Jean-Francois question. Is there any long-term consideration by IETF on the venue based on visa requirements? Because just for example here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen, but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. And I understand that the host would have some considerations, but in general, in the long-term, and again, Bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah, I mean, you already hinted. I mean, we're also dependent on the host to a certain extent and finding venues and et cetera. And also, I think what we've explained earlier in our similar discussions is that it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the pain, if you will, and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas go to other countries. So in this case, you know, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate. And so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people gets hit by difficulties each time. But yeah, I hear you. It's difficult to find the perfect venue in that respect. In that respect. No other comments from our side, I think, on that. Arno? Yes. Hi, Miriam. It's strange to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment. But I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the no visa. And all of that was extremely good. And frankly speaking, it's delightful. My first time in Shenzhen. I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right? Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that and we are going to see what happens in November. I'm really curious. But we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous path for the IETF to continue in this direction. So that's one comment. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work. And I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on Pete's comments. I think Pete makes a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides and we should be very, very clear on the demarcation that he mentioned. Thank you. Thanks, Arno. Jason. Hi, Jason Livinggood. This is in response to Pete's question. Now, I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because I wasn't in any of those meetings when I heard things say. But I would encourage people to reread RFC 8711. Pretty straightforward. And section 43 that LLC is established to provide administrative support to the ITF. There's no authority over the standards development activities of the ITF. And it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting fundraising like fundraisers and so on. Compliance and its legal home. So it was the case way back before the IASA 2 activity that the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, you know, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established that there would be a separation between the standards development activities, which are independent and operated by like the ISG and, you know, so on and so forth. And then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear, but I'm not clear on whatever the questions were might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion and happy to help because unfortunately I think I might have been involved in some Yes, thanks Jason. Thanks for the clarifying this and yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that RFC. Are there any comments from any of us on stage? No, seeing none. Next up is Vittorio. Hi, Vittorio Bertola. I didn't plan to come to the mic, but I did want to offer a different perspective to what Eccles said. I think that having an also to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing. Even if it means that many regulars are remote. Actually, I think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the ITF, all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places. It is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting, to come at least one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue. And it is up to us, not up as the regulars. I don't know if I'm a regular by now, not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contributors. And to this extent, I mean, to a certain extent, it was in multiple sessions. I saw drafts represented by newcomers being met with their usual, unfortunately, attitude by ITF regular. So I mean, condescending or outright hostility or just to away. So I did this is I know the ITF has been putting effort in this and changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there. And this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So in the end, yes, it's also said honestly that there are so many members of the leadership here. I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here, but the fact that we had the largest meeting idea of the ITF ever and possibly meeting with so little, maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever is something we have to think about. I think I'm sure that all of you made all possible efforts to be here in person, but still the result is not satisfactory. Thank you. Thanks for your comments. Thanks for your comments. Thanks for your comments. I support the fact that we came to China and several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in San Francisco. There will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks. It's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go. We need to just suck it up. Okay. Just let the process run. We need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here and not beat up everyone unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go that is going to meet all of the requirements and is going to allow this regular change of venue so that things are convenient for different people in different continents. We just need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for that comment. Roberta. Hey, folks. I have I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to United States because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in United States, you can be you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have like some kind of support for people that are going over there that are afraid because it's for any reason why. Right. I used to be an ethical hacker, so I got some person of interest at least going on. So I wanted to ask, do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the United States? And what are you planning as the country is on war right now? Right. So how is going to be the support for attendees? Yeah, thanks for for bringing this up. I know people are concerned. We discussed this before and, you know, similar to this meeting, I believe it's for everybody individual to, you know, decide, you know, what the risks are and if you can make it or not. I don't I'm not aware. I don't know if you want to comment on that and if you can provide any legal support for individuals. I don't think we've done that in the past at least. Roberta, no. So unfortunately, that's not something we can do. It's too expensive. The liability is unlimited. It really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves. My biggest concern is that, you know, during the visa process might be everything okay. And then we arrive over there and I have some instances of friends that have been, you know, detained. And then sometimes it's not, you know, just to go back home is to answer over there. It's more if we risk it. The organization might at least know that we are there, you know. But thank you. We are effectively a business conference in terms of visas. And if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose. Not coming to the US for that purpose. Not going to work or anything like that. Then, you know, there are very. In fact, I'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country. Not, you know, people coming to this sort of thing. I thank you for the comment. But actually, I have some instances because of, you know, DEFCON and everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry. But thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Warren Kamari. I think I'm next. Yes. Just a quick follow on from what Anand said. I found this to be a great venue. Everything's worked really nicely. People have been great. Yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa. But it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries. So, you know, we have a lot of people, participants from China. That's I think is the right thing to do and good on us. Thanks, Warren. Martin. Hi. So, I'm not sure that the LLC board has really listened to the community when it comes to either China or the US. And I would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with as one of the factors in making a decision. And I think that those people who have suggested otherwise are denying reality to some extent. So, I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard. And think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. If people are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people who turned up in person this time, if those people continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point. But yeah, I don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that. Nope. Then. Hi there. Is my media working now? Yes. Excellent. Great to what I'm about to say. So I wanted to push back on our nose point. This is about geopolitics. I actually come to the opposite conclusion of Martin about politics being important. I think that the ISG and the LLC were correct in their discussion with the community about this leading up to the selection that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right load start to have. I think that there are some of the issues that don't exist other places in the world. The regulatory impositions we've seen with regard to the network are fairly unique in if you look at a global context. So I would encourage the ISG and the LLC to take a careful and close look in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced. And to take that into account as you look at future venue selections, whether the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective with the venues we select. Yeah, thanks for the suggestion, Richard. We'll definitely do that like with any other venue that we're going to. Thanks. So, Miriam, if I might on that particular kind of topic, Richard, you highlight kind of a good point, which is that about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges. And is there after any meeting a learning experience on, you know, is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future? So I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to Gen Dispatch. The next changing scenario, we have a draft being presented on the topic of network requirements. And if we if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network, kind of for the meeting, this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like. So please come to that that discussion. The LLC, I think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus. The community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria. Thanks for the plug for my draft. I wanted to flag that a bit more broadly though for the IESG and LLC. The question was posed to the LLC and to the IESG, will this meeting be effective? There was a proactive prediction that you guys were asked to make. And so I think as you're having board meetings, IESG retreats, things like that, I think it would be useful for you, these are bodies internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turn out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future. Yeah, thanks for that addition. Tony. Hi, Tony Lee. I'm an American. The way the United States government is operating right now, the ITF cannot protect anyone. The government is running around basically bands of thugs and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable. We've seen them detain citizens. We've seen them detain people who were illegally there. There's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the US. Thanks, Tony. Yeah, I don't comment on this stage. Thanks for this piece of information. Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. Then I see one more. Benjamin. Hi. So, as a new participant in meetings with the ITF, the one thing that I have learned is, at least from many of you, is that work at the ITF happens on the mailing list. So, to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting. And there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So, I personally am happy with this venue choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks, Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. You're a little over time, so I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great evening there if you're there in person. Miriam, before we sign off, Jay, do you want to repeat the social focused activity kind of tonight with the light show that you sent out to the community? This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CN Nika Huawei. So, this will be starting at 8pm for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city centre as a welcome to the ITF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the Civic Centre where there will be music as well for that. So, 8 o'clock. It's about 10, 15 minutes walk. You should see you all there. Jay? Is there another question? I guess not the microphone is off. So, enjoy. By the way, we have provided a lot of social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So, feel free to take anyone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Food. Do it Seitepe. Why is it they look like Covid Force Éosto? How can you address it? Thank you. Thank you.