Well, good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman Danilu, and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF trust. And after that is going to be the IETF administration LLC report. And we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. This year, this time we're meeting, the order is going to be the IAB, the IESG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide, please. So before we get started, I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site, like the secretariat, the meet echo team, the NOC team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that pushed the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments, you know, as quickly kind of as possible. So we arrive at the meeting, we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Well, thank you for that. So next, I would invite to the stage, Mr. Xi'an Kai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. dag Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Xi'an, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the deputy director of CNNIC. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. Thank you. Thank you. All right. So next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here or additional facts and kind of figures and summaries since we last met, please do click on that link. That says full report and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen and I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are, we are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've got gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So, you know, phenomenal to see the community to come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we've had in historical, in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement that I, of the, of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look, if you look around, you know, you're sitting to your seat, to your left, there are two people and, you know, one other person to your right. One of those people is new to the IETF unless you are. So one quarter of almost one quarter of participants here at the IETF have never been to a meeting before, and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the IETF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the Internet. Please join a mailing list. You know, please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face to face time concludes. And we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna or perhaps in San Francisco, the future venues we have for our meetings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world, and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here. And also equally unsurprising, we have a very, very robust participation from China, given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the IESG has issued no statements, and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements was related to an appointment to the IETF Trust and to the IPMC. So first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner, who has been selected. And we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP 245 moderators, and I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. Next slide, please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together, and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical, from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide, please. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity, since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening, to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in Gen affects each and every one of you in the room, because the processes defined in Gen impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and code points are specified here in ITF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS working group. If you aspire to tailor, to change, or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the PROCON working group, the Process Documenting Consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I talked more about, the MOD pod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF. The IETF was recently approved. To realize that and to implement that process, that first step is the IESG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be write those procedures and then, of course, execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community if we are on a call to the community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the IESG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB who is in charge of liaison relationships working with the other standards kind of organizations is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the architecture. And I think that's a great question. If you could please stand by for one minute. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on architecture discuss to get into the early discussion. And we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel. And this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the director of meeting operations and sponsorships. But she will be unfortunately exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those. And that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world in an interoperable kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie, and honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you, thank you so much. And, you know, best of luck with your, with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the community. Thank you so much. So next slide, please. I now turn it over to Drew Doty, who congratulations is the new chair of the IAB. Thank you. Hello, everyone. I'm Drew Doty. I'm the incoming IAB chair. Next slide, please. Perfect. Yes. So we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this, we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out. And we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out, those videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data track up. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICANN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the APRICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen, as well as, uh, Roman was at Vises plus 20 high level UN meeting, where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Uh, appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk, who will talk about IRTF. Thank you. Thank you, Drew. Hello, I'm Dirk Kutscher. I'm the IRTF chair. So before I give you, um, my updates, um, I'd like to say a few words. So, um, as IRTF chair, I see it as my, my job to, um, you know, bring in new communities, um, especially, um, you know, the younger generation, the next generation, uh, in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of, um, outreach training and so on. And so at this meeting, um, I have received really great, um, support. I just realized, uh, in the past days. So there has been, um, a young tenant program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students, uh, from like 30 different communities, uh, to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship, fellowship program in Malaysia, um, that, um, brought students here, not only this meeting, but also previously. And, um, there is a program in Brazil that brought, um, 18 people, um, to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, um, they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And, um, could the Brazilians maybe please stand up so that we can see you all. Welcome to the IRF. So they, they come all this way to, um, you know, engage with us, uh, to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And, uh, I really hope, um, this, uh, will be worthwhile. Um, okay. So in the IRTF, we, um, have 16 research groups, uh, at the moment and, um, 11, um, of them, uh, are meeting this week. So we still have, um, meetings by Crypto Forum, RASP AG and Network Management AG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. Um, then, uh, we have, uh, the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. That's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile, of our, um, committee in the research community, support high quality research, and also, yeah, get new ideas, uh, new people in. And, um, ANAW, um, the workshop is, um, kindly supported by ACM SICOM, um, and Akamai. And, uh, if we do this yearly at our summer IRTF meetings, so next one will be in Vienna, um, IRF 26. Um, the workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. The, um, Applied Networking Research Prize recognizes the best results in Applied Networking, um, from, uh, like last year. So what we do is, um, we, um, nominate, um, um, like, um, top, uh, contributions in the field of Applied Networking. And then there's a selection committee, um, that picks, um, the best ones. Um, and this is supported by, uh, ISOC, Comcast, and NBC, uh, Universal. And quite often we get, um, you know, really, really top, uh, papers on, uh, um, yeah, topics that are really relevant and, uh, also quite, quite current at the moment in the IITF. And, um, so just today in IRTF open, uh, we had, uh, two ANRP, um, winners. Um, so we had, uh, Tiani Gao and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks and, uh, Xiangjie Huang for his, um, work on sending burstiness control for high quality real-time communication. Congratulations. Um, so this week we actually had two IITF open meetings. So one just, uh, before. And on Tuesday we had one that was, um, dedicated, um, uh, on discussing, um, internetworking research challenges for AI. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic. So we wanted to figure out, um, what could be a productive role for the IRTF in this field. So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges. And there's a lot of working on in academia and, um, you know, conference and so on. We want to figure out, okay, how can we make this useful, um, for our larger community. So we invited, um, two really great, um, uh, presentations, uh, on, uh, different aspects and, uh, had good, uh, discussion and on potential topics. So what we identified so far was, um, you know, test beds and data sets for reproducible experiments, um, like the broader distributed system and protocol design, um, for, um, distributed learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming out and, um, you know, new abstractions for like collective communications and so on. Um, but also, um, more principled approaches, uh, towards, um, agent communication. Um, you know, also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the above this morning. Um, but so the idea here is to look a bit more into, um, the foundations of, you know, naming identity, trust delegation, and also group communication. And, uh, yeah, finally, we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to, um, bring early career researchers and, uh, PhD students, uh, to our community from under represented groups. This was kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google, and Netflix. And, um, yeah, so this time we had a robust, uh, participation, uh, from, from Asia, really good gender balance. And, um, so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is, uh, end of next week. If you're interested, or if you know somebody, um, who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. So, thank you. So this is my last report as the ITF, uh, NomCom, uh, chair for this cycle. These were the people of the NomCom 25, 26, uh, cycle. The voting members, some of them are here. So please thank them. If you see them in the hallway, I've seen, I've seen one of my, uh, NomCom members in the Tokyo remote hub. So people in Tokyo, thank him also. Um, and here are the, the, the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, uh, Deon. Good. But that's not, it's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So we're very happy with the current selection. So we had one, one, uh, selection for the LLC board, one for the trust, ITF trust and IPMC, six, uh, uh, selection candidates, selected candidates, for the IB two term, uh, period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas, candidates, and assigned for the, for the period of two years. So I'd like to thank all the people that are, are willing to serve for the next, uh, term, uh, willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity. Of course, that's something that's important to us, to our community and also to the NomCom. Uh, we got a day training this year, like last year, um, about unconscious bias, et cetera. So that's important. Um, I think that's something that the NomCom was very aware of also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations. Um, some highlights here are, well, not highlight per se. There's no gender diversity improvement in this cycle. So we're aware of that. We're conscious of that, but, uh, of course we try to improve every year, but this is a, this is an observation here. Uh, we improved on regional diversity. That's a good thing. So different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. Uh, so there's a constant improvement here and we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. Um, I call it here, the leadership pipeline, young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. Um, and we also hear that from the community and every review, all the reviews we receive. Thank you, ITF community for your reviews, for your feedback on the, on the nominees. It's important and stressed. Think about new generation, about the next generation, uh, leadership. So, um, with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the noncom members always ask about thinking about your succession. And luckily most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for, or nominees actually, for the next noncom cycle. And of course it's up to the noncom in one, two, three, four years to select the nominee, but it's good that we have nominees to select from. So thanks. Um, yeah, as I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. Uh, we are in a good place, but we can always do better. So it's a constant process. Another thing is, well, lessons learned. The first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before. Um, it's a good document, our RFC 8713, but they're in practical situations. It doesn't say anything about, well, new situations or things we haven't thought of. Um, so, well, there's one thing mentioned, the chair can with the noncom always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process and well, and accepted or a not, uh, expected situation. So it works. Uh, as in the same bullet point here, um, the noncom process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. Um, and that works also, but, and that's now, now a new point. I want to work on at least some basic documentation, how the things work, some steps, basic steps, at least, uh, how to proceed through the noncom as a chair. Um, and that could also help with the help of, well, kind of delegating tasks to the secretary because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary. So it's good to have some documentation and, um, mostly the practical stuff. Um, that's yeah. And also for myself, at least, uh, during the deliberations, I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just to be a simple process, but I was counting, uh, the yes and no's are simple, but yes, maybe no, but it becomes more difficult. And then you have all kinds of rankings. So I think for the next year, it's good to have this little bit automated so it can focus on the process and on the discussions and not so much on counting, uh, and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes. Uh, so finally, um, yeah, some words of thanks. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the noncom chair for this cycle. It was very learn. Well, I learned a lot and it was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Um, also the ITF community was very supportive in the beginning. I made some mistakes and as you are, you directly send me an email that I made a mistake, but it was always supportive. People helped me out. So thank you. Um, also the noncom voting members were very, very dedicated. So it was a great team. I mentioned that already during the, the, the November, uh, ITF meeting and again, the chairs, advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice. It's almost, I get an, uh, an award for the Oscar, uh, Academy awards with all the thank yous. Good. Um, before I leave the stage, I want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the noncom. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also, you learn every lot of things about the ITF process, about the people in the idea and, uh, and its processes. Thank you. Thank you. Ben is a little bit taller than I am. Um, and I was on the oncom and I will echo, please do the noncom. It's a really great experience. You learn so much and you meet some great people. Anyways, I'm Glenn Dean and I'm the outgoing chair of the IPMC, uh, corporation and the ITF trust. This is our report, uh, to ITF 125. So, uh, noncoms do what they do and the ISG does what it does and they, they both appoint people, uh, to the ITF trust and the IPMC board. Uh, in this cycle, we, uh, say goodbye to Kristen Burden, who has served us as an ISG appointee. Uh, Kristen was really helpful, uh, she's a lawyer by training, uh, very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing, uh, doing the ITF IPMC, uh, creation and setup. So thank you very much for Kristen for your service to the ITF trust and the IPMC. Then there's this guy. Um, he's been around for quite a while and, uh, one trivia bit about the ITF trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term limited. Uh, many of our roles at the ITF are term limited. We like people to stick around the ITF trust to build up our institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever. And this guy is leaving, uh, after sticking around for a little while. So I, I, I, I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. Uh, I will say if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for in the future. Uh, when I started it, uh, back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants and I learned so much, uh, by being part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it, uh, this coming year when the non-com is appointing another person. So, uh, thank you, uh, for letting me be that role. I've really enjoyed it. So we have, uh, a new set of, uh, directors for the ITF IPMC. Uh, a couple of them are carrying over, but we've got two new ones. Lars Egret is coming in as is Sean Turner. Um, and we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers. So I like to announce that Wendy Seltzer has taken on the role of IPMC president. Sean Turner, who I think is in the Tokyo, uh, remote is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer, which Wendy is vacated. Uh, and, uh, Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary. Likewise, uh, the, the ITF trust is in the final throes, but we still needed some people around to close up shop. Uh, and so the decision was made that the person, uh, that will be the trust chair, uh, for the very final role of the trust will be Wendy. So, uh, thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. All right. So that's the in and the out stuff. Let's talk about, uh, what we've been doing. So, uh, we like to give a report and usually these numbers are zero because, you know, trust is set up to be very boring and when everything's perfect, it is very boring. Uh, but since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests, uh, that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE, uh, to use the ASN one module from RFC 9881. So there we, we got one. Uh, the other good news though, is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we never, we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, uh, which is really good. We should deal with intellectual property assets. So here's the other, uh, big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a, uh, Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you have been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. Uh, the bylaws were updated, uh, between when we met in Montreal and now, uh, we had, uh, some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we, uh, took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role, uh, with relation to the IANA assets. So it's formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC operates under. And that was up for a 60 day review. And all of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. So, uh, we've been working for a couple of years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the ITF intellectual property assets from the ITF trust into the IPMC corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP except for patents, the IPMC does not do patents for the ITF. And that is a major milestone. So, um, hold your applause on that one because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major, major moment. We had something we've been working to for years, and I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function is, uh, still in process because we are needing some signatures. There's agreements that establish the role of the ITF trust with relation to the IANA. And there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the ITF trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I no longer was the chair. Uh, I know that Jay has done a signature on the behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who were waiting for signatures on, sign the documents so we can get that thing done. Uh, and some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's, uh, documentation. Uh, because if you look at the ITF documentation, it's got the word ITF trust all over the place. Uh, we have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the, uh, ITF IPMC as the successor, uh, to that. So that draft's out there and is active. Uh, it, I saw that URL for the IPR WG email list. And finally, the, uh, trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions. So we can keep that same acronym are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the IPMC is now the party holding the assets to the ITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. Uh, we're same terms. If your lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though, since that draft or that document was first written version five, the editorial stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in, in the next version. Uh, that's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream, uh, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there'll be a separate document now published, uh, especially, especially for the independent stream. And it'll, oh, and they'll be published for comment, uh, for a 38 period where you get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. Uh, you know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristen, but I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF trust. It served this community since 2005 when it was created. Uh, it's officially ending operations this year. Uh, it's got literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank and it has a handful of DNS, uh, domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over and it does its final tax filings, it's done. So I, I really did want to have a hand for the ITF trust, uh, because it has made this, what is the ITF functional and it's done it for, uh, 21 years. That's quite a, quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as ITF trustees. Uh, this is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. Uh, they've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. Uh, and a lot of people don't even know what they do. So it's, which is good because it means they didn't get sued, uh, because no drama, no excitement, but anyways, for the ITF trust and for all the people volunteer, can I please have a round of applause? And that is how to contact the IPMC and get more stuff. George. George Don't leave the stage. So Glenn, thank you for your many years of service and allow me to present you with this plaque. Thank you. Oh, you can't have it. Um, hello and welcome. My name is Jay Daly. I'm the ITF executive director. Nice to see so many people in the room. So this is the administrative report for the ITF. And I'll start by thanking our ITF 125 host, CN Nick and our cohost, Xinhua University, the Internet Society of China, CCSA, and the Computer Network Information Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I also want to thank very much Huawei, our special contributor and social event sponsor. Those of you who came last night to the social event, I'm sure we'll remember that. That is the best social event we have had. That was spectacular. Thank you. And then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor, ZTE, to our local sponsor, AP Nick, and our local supporters, Cormail. Thank you. Thank you. I also want to thank our ITF 125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion. Thank you very much to Akamai and Huawei. And thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for ITF 125. We have Comcast and ICANN for diversity and inclusion. We have ZTE for sustainability. ICANN and CN Nick for running code. And D, Nick and Nominet for the open internet. Thank you all very much. And then finally, thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsors, without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the ITF with them we do currently. Thank you very much to all of you. I should particularly like to note China Mobile and China Unicom who have helped very much with this conference. We have staff on site helping us out with our Wi-Fi, which is really going above and beyond. Thank you very much for that. Thank you. Every meeting it seems our logos get more and more desirable. So once again, I'm happy to tell you, you can get our swag from the online store. And we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting, particularly for those people who go running, such as our current ITF chair. So I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out. We, in building the ITF tools and in running the ITF NOC, we rely on multiple people who give their time freely to help that work. So thank you very much to all of those people. Thank you very much for your work. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And Rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this, but I think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here. So we have the Secretariat, METACO, and the NOC. Thank you all very much for your work. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And here at ITF 125. We only have a subset of the ITF staff. So I'm on site. Clearly. I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers. They are staffing the tools help desk. So please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them. um we also have the RPC staff at IETF 125 Alana Alice and Sandy are here they are also staffing a desk so if you have any questions about um RPCs sorry RFCs or the editing process please go and speak to them and we have the full Secretariat on site as well so this is a simple diagram of the current structure there so look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support see them if you need to want to speak about anything particular then please speak to them as well so finally on the thanks thank you to our global hosts our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the IETF and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need thank you very much so IETF 126 Vienna registrations are open this will be in July we are expecting to come we are just about to sign with the host for the meeting so that's good for us and I hope very much to see as many as possible of you there so looking forward to our meetings we have Vienna coming up and then after that we have IETF 127 in San Francisco and since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced VeriSign as the host of that meeting IETF 128 in Asia we are still in the negotiations with it generally takes us quite some time to negotiate Asian venues they are more complicated we often have to use convention centers and us being a US company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship so that's going ahead we certainly aim to announce that by Vienna if possible IETF 129 Europe that was due to be signed and then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day so we are just trying to work through that and then we'll be able to announce that hopefully quite shortly IETF 130 in has now been announced that's the Hyatt Regency Vancouver that we've been back to a number of times and we are of course looking for a meeting host for that IETF 131 in Asia we have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues and we are hoping to and we're in the negotiations now about that so that's moving forwards IETF 132 Europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out and IETF 133 is not on here in North America but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in South America for that okay so that's where we currently are with our meetings booking we're a little bit behind but we have so many of them quite close that we'll catch up quickly and then we'll be a bit ahead I think by the end of this year on meeting bookings so that's it for me thank you very much handing over to Miriam thanks Jay I hope you hope you can hear me and see me my name is Miriam Kühne I'm the board of the LLC I'm the chair of the LLC board that's more correct and I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term studying at this at this meeting I think Cindy is gonna control my slide so please go on to the next slide yes this is the full board you can see here and Gonzalo and George are there with you in person and Roman as you saw was online I'll be on I'm online here and and Shona cannot join us for this meeting but you're all watching so next slide please yeah this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the end of year balance and I'm not going to go through all the numbers you can do that in your own time I mean for transparency reasons obviously we put them here on the slide so they will be published you see some notes there so if you go to the next slide you'll see some explanations and more details can be find always in the financial statements that we publish every month and then also at the end of the year overall one thing to note here is that there are some like higher numbers as budgeted so the positive variances there are mostly comprised of an additional endowment contributions which always welcome ISOC matching funds also the annual contributions from ISOC and some unrealized gains from investments and that we have and there so that's that's good news so next slide please just some items that the board is currently working on we are still working on the secretariat contract we tendering that's ongoing we've published the the 2026 budget after consultation of the community consultations so that's out on the website as you've seen we've piloted the remote room we piloted this like new feature with remote rooms for ITF meetings and I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions it seems to work really well and so well thanks mostly to LSE staff and there Greg would I think what took the lead for making this this possible and then we're going to evaluate the experiences with this and after the meeting and see how we can can move forward with that and and we're also having our annual retreat in April the board retreat we're preparing for that to look at like future planning for the strategy and risk register and other plans that we that that we we're doing kind of on an annual basis one thing that's not not on here but it's certainly also on our mind our meeting network and and and the meeting locations and I really I want to stress that I really appreciate the the feedback provided so far on the various lists specifically also on meeting networks and and and we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF and network that will be discussed tomorrow I believe in gen dispatch and then I will see where that goes after that and so yeah please watch that space and contribute to that work the next slide please you can also contribute to our work well by participating in our board meetings we have a monthly board meeting here the dates they are also on the website and and Michelle the secretary she always sends out announcements for the board meetings so they're open to observers at least like I mean a partially part of the meetings we also have some close sessions with staff and and Jay but but yes please join us for these for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to our work next slide please I think that's about it yes you can find a lot more information on the websites from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and and announcements and also here are a number of of mailing address mail addresses and lists that you can reach us admin discusses our generic kind of at the administrative mailing list where most of these topics are being discussed so I think that's it for now thank you for listening 我童 Let's distribute. A few this way as well. Well, let's start with thanking the outgoing IAB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen, as we know him as Fluffy, and I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair now that he's not on the IAB anymore, maybe. But seriously, you have been, it's so good to talk to you. When we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to the heart of the matter. And with that much clarity of thought, it has been amazing having discussions with you. Miria, you have served a decade on the leadership at the IAB and ISG. Every term with so much dedication, so much hard work, it has been amazing. The things that you have done as the IAB chair have such a lasting impact. You have opened the IAB with IAB open. The way we do liaisons. The way we, even our website revamp. So everything that we think of IAB as current has been done under your leadership and it has been amazing. Tommy, on the big screen, always calm, collected, always clear in thought. As an IAB chair, we went through a transition. We had a bigger geographic and time zone dispersion. We had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well. And there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an IAB, we went through new activities with respect to more active participation at Internet Governance. And you helped us. You made sure that each of us at the IAB felt supported in all the activities that we do. Thank you. And finally, Chin. Chin has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management, operations, and Yang. And this is, and Chin showed us the diverse participation matters. Having a viewpoint from looking from different areas, from different geography, bringing a different viewpoint to this IAB is fundamental. And Chin, you have shown that in your last two terms. So with that, I would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four outgoing members. For the two outgoing members who are here, we can use a photo opportunity. Maria, can I invite you, please? Anchin. Anchin. Let's go this way. Anchin. Let's go this way. Anchin. Anchin. Anchin. Let's go this way. Anchin. Anchin. We won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Cullen, but I think maybe somebody can make an AI-generated one. Can I make an AI-generated one? And with that, let's do introductions, and then we'll do open mic. For introduction, let's start with Jason. Jason Livinggood, IAB. Mark Nottingham, IAB. Mia Kulimant, IAB. Mia Kulimant, IAB. Mia Kulimant, IAB. Suresh Kishnan, IAB. Warren Kamari, in a surprising turn of events, IAB. Jaroslav Rosamacho, incoming IAB. Drup Thodi, incoming IAB chair. Alvaro Ratana, IAB. Yeng Zhengchu, incoming IAB. Dukucha, IRTF chair. Yeng Zhengchu, outgoing IAB. Can we have remote folks? Ali? Ali? Ali? Is Ali on stage? Oh, yes. Sorry. Sorry. You can hear me now? Yes. Hello. This is Ali. Ali Began, incoming IAB. Thank you. Kalan? Fluffy, outgoing. Glad that the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Thank you. Kalan? Kalan, IAB. Fluffy, outgoing. Glad that the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Do we have Jana or I don't see Jana, maybe? Matthew? Yeah, hi. Matthew Bocci, IAB. Nick? Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. And Roman, how come we are missing you? I think we can't hear you, Roman. Okay, move on. Open mic. Questions for the IAB. And somebody will help me with the queue. Oh, here we is. Arnold. All right, so congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are leaving. And so I have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by IAB, especially under liaison. I think Miria and Suresh are working on that one. And I think this is really good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about liaison. I think this is really good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about liaison. I observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework. And I think that we have a couple of points. And I think that we have a couple of points. I think that we have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by IAB, especially under liaison. I think Miria and Suresh are working on that one. And I think this is really good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about liaison. I observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework. Liaisons are good, but they are just one part of the equation. We have seen in some areas like DiEM between ITF and SG17. We started to have leadership that started to speak to each other. And I must say thank you to Jim Reed. I don't know where Jim is, but he was the one who pushed us here to do that. And that was good. We, however, it's only this week I realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other. And not that people don't want, in fact, but people don't know. Not only don't know, but even I don't know. I don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process, tools, etc. So that's probably something we should explore. The second thing is that I was approached with a lot of questions after my side meeting. I would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are doing to the IAB, so that we can really intimately understand together how we work and what could be tangible actions we could do together. Then the next point is about opportunities. There is going to be on the ITU side of plenty potential. That's supposed to be in DOA. So we'll see what happens. But that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions. And I want to come back on the workshop on China and protection that the IAB promoted. Now there is the window is slightly opened to make a change in this resolution. If you have some desires based on what you are doing now, now is the moment. It never happened in years. And we managed to unlock the doors at member state level. So now they know that they are going to modify it. So if you want to size this opportunity, do it. The last point is about AI. AI, AI, AI. Okay? So here the frustration are the friction of three IETF meetings that each of them had signed meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream. I can understand Madrid. Okay. Montreal. Now again. In fact, this week we did the first official meeting with the buff catalyst on agent EKI. So the problem is timing. And so if you move your brain until what's going to happen next and you consider a number of risks, including for San Francisco in November, that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there. I am doing on my side three meetings, one plenary and one content week from now until next July. So it's an offer. I can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings. Size it because this will give you input to prepare the July meeting in Vienna. We must have something in concrete in Vienna because if San Francisco is risky, that's the only moment we can do something. So we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in Vienna. And I will bring all the input you need. Let's make it happen. So I know it's a lot of things. You don't need to answer now, but these are things we can do offline. Yeah. Thank you. Let me tackle just a few points very quickly. We will not go in depth for all of them. With respect to liaisons, I completely agree. The first thing that we have to do is relationship. I think that's when we do best when we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that. So any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can up to discuss. We can, of course, maybe get some better tooling, whichever way you have that we find people reach out to us. We want to do this better. With AI, the last question, I think I'll leave that to ISG from the IAB side. I think we are watching. We are. We help during the BOF preparation with catalyst, with other things. So we are watching. But that question specifically with side meeting and everything, it's for the ISG. So hold on to that. Remind me any other. What were the two other questions? Resolution. For ITU PP. So thanks for bringing it up. We have plans to participate. We are discussing. This is still a lot of inputs coming in. Let's continue the conversation. Does any other IAB member want to add? Yeah, please go ahead. Yeah, I actually appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this way forward and like you are helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups in ITU. I think actually that works very well. And it's true said, like if you need to improve, we can do that. But I'm actually very positive that I'm seeing that. So thank you for that. There is one regret I have just that can say that. Tommy and I discussed an idea of a workshop on a John TKI. That would have helped remove a lot of heat and get the debates on. We didn't do it. I don't know why it happened. But that's something that the IAB could have done. Now it's too late. But we have another way we can do it and achieve it for life. For the liaison piece. In fact, there is something that is simply a lack of practice in terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer a liaison statement. Because for us, sometimes tell us don't do it. That would help us enormously because until we receive something from the community here saying ITU don't do that, I cannot show that to member states. So there are few simple things that if the leadership works together, we can pass you the message and help you organize that. And it's easy. It will not take much time and everybody will be happy. I think we have made a bunch of improvements on that. We have been sending acknowledgments at least, as well as nudging various groups where action is needed. But as we have discussed this multiple times, it's just a very different fundamental way the two organizations work. We have to find a middle ground. Let's continue to talk. That's what I can offer. Any other? We have one more person, but I can see the name. Andrew. Andrew. Andrew. In Chenzen. I just wanted to. You see. And for being. Really. Yeah. I miss for their work over the last two, three years on outreach. It has made a difference and it has shifted the reputation of the community significantly in other bodies. So thank you for doing that. And please continue. Thank you, Andrew. I didn't catch everything, but it seemed a little like you were happy. So that's good. Anyone else? Otherwise, going once, going twice, and ISG. So I'd welcome the incoming and outgoing ISG to the stage. Is this the end? How can I lift this along, and if we do it, it's honourable? I can't wait. How can I lift this? This isAnt HOWcause I'd like to get to by pilало from the staff. So I'm going to istv. Some pianos. Only i have to raise yourself in the GT we are focusing. And you wouldn't have to do this. You can't see anything here inpatient you can do. No. You can you. Now this is HoneyTIgan is a child of purpose! When you have only written how to be verdict or劣 Steven in front, All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing Internet Area Director who has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time. And it's also the metric of is this topic worth waking up the U.S. West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda. And this other kind of practical approach got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF where we merge the open source community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing Application and Real-Time Director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the RAD, but you're also the ShadowSec and WitAD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDS areas and in the open source community. So Ori, really thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing Security Area Director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a SEC area. So being a SEC Area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area. How we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you outgoing ADs. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition. If we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see, kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to get us started. Okay. Hi, everyone. I'm Charles Eccle, incoming art AD. Andy Newton, art AD. Orit Steele, outgoing art AD. Roman Danilio, gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming int AD. Eric, your turn. Oh, ongoing int AD. Sorry. So Eric, the other ongoing entity, and by the way, stepping down next year. If you are interested to be int AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of Ops AD. Jim Gishar, routine AD. Ketan Talavnikar, routing AD. In and outgoing, outgoing and incoming routing AD. Doug Cooley, sec AD. Chris Anasio, sec AD. Paul Watt is outgoing, sec AD. Druk Dhodi, incoming AD chair. Mike Bishop, with AD. Gauri Ferhust, renewing AD for WIT. Tommy? Tommy? Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BAAF proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BAAF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your sort of dispatch groups and BAAFs taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you're going to volunteer to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. So we should take that and try to work on it. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress. And we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to have to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility. And it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arno, I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Drew has sent the question on the, on the, on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agent API situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that, um, three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that that's created. And in fact, it's good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have, we cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. We are not. So that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And, uh, to be very direct, I would, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from, from the leadership here to say, the guidance is this, whatever you guys want to do. Okay. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to, um, to stop this, uh, this, this entropy level. So thoughts. Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles or no, like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the, the, the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement. That's not in the official process into the official process. Uh, and you know, in a sense, how do we do that? Uh, recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in tightly bound charters and, you know, what is the approach to on ramp it? You know, in there, the boss that, you know, that we just had in catalyst is one of those approaches. That is one of, I'm sure many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the, that the ISG takes up at its, uh, at its, uh, strategy meeting slash kind of offsite about how to convert the energy, not just in AI inside meetings into structural things in the, in the standards process. Hey, uh, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on, on the subject of meeting, you know, between IETFs. Um, we do have the capacity to do virtual interim boffs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but, uh, Francesca previous art ID helped set that up. So, um, if that's something that, uh, your, you know, communities or groups that have been meeting inside meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two, uh, fellow art IDs to take your requests. Um, but I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should, we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Uh, thanks, sorry. So the, the, uh, I cannot do that for you. I mean, I, I don't know enough what, what's possible, but that, that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life, which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we, you, we had the first meeting on agent TKI this week, thanks to Adrian, uh, and, and the team on the catalyst. Great job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24th. So in 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignment, understanding, uh, creation, restructuring, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. Um, time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. Um, we have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom up approach and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well, other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. Uh, to solve the AI, uh, problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not, not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations and open source to, to kind of get us, get us there. Uh, okay. Thank you. Uh, so I, Jun, you're next in the queue. Yeah. I do. I'm from a telecom. I have the, uh, similar, uh, cancer for the, uh, working, uh, of the AI agent is, uh, ITF, you know, uh, in this meeting, there are about, uh, over 60 side meetings related to the AI. Uh, and I think many of them, uh, content of many, content, many of them content either or left. Uh, so, uh, I think it is, uh, necessary to, uh, determine quickly, uh, how we, uh, uh, put forward this work in one more formal manners. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for that feedback. Uh, again, to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior, uh, the catalyst buff is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the, out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that, uh, AI is not a homogeneous topic. Uh, it intersects, uh, it intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring, bring in are intersections of the existing work that we, of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to, to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch-like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes just because again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Uh, Martin. Yeah, Martin Duke, uh, contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. Um, uh, I was president at the, the, the creation or the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I, I, I kind of feel like the, uh, I'm very, I'm conscious probably more than most people to how hard it is to say. How hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF. But I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. Um, in particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter-programming to dispatch at all on, on Monday morning. Um, that proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to, you know, really self-contained groups that, that really have no interaction with anything else. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users, uh, for the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And, uh, I, I happen to be chair of the MOQ now. Um, my working group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. But I just, I just want to leave the comment with the IHG. Let's, let's try to preserve that, that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Uh, thank you kind of Martin. Uh, where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we of course have ended up with a federated, a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like sec, uh, wit and art, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Uh, okay. Next up, uh, Roberta, you're next to me. Hi. Hi. Uh, I have a question related to maybe from foundational, uh, knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information, like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering, uh, work at specifically the, uh, specifically that would be the non working groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the, you know, some of the terms that has a connection with it. For example, for agent, take AI agents and AI itself. Uh, where, uh, would be the place for you to put maybe information related to how agents work. And that's part of, you know, the foundational models, those kinds of informations that might might make difference for the way that people do drafts. Is there a place that we can, you know, join information and do some, maybe a state of art of some of the, the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it. Uh, I don't pretend to understand the, all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture, but if you're asking for what would be an org, what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF, I think the answer would be to produce an, an ID, an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically. And so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. Thank you. And on the same topic, if you allow me to, to add, even if you talk to one area director, it can easily refer you to others. Right. And I've done it multiple times. DM is in art. It started in, for instance. Right. So it's quite common. Thank you. We talk to each other. Thank you. All right. Uh, so I'm seeing the queue line, uh, empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? I'm pausing, waiting. James. James. We're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James. We, okay. You have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, ISG, thank you, and we'll move to the next of our open mics. Hello, I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic, and if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay, I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats. Great. Thanks. I think we're ready. Do you want to do a quick introduction, please, on stage, starting with George? George Michelson, LLC board. Juanfalo Camarillo, LLC board. Jay Daly, ITF executive director. Then we have you, Roman. Roman Dinello, LLC board. And Miriam Kuhner, LLC board. I see a list of people in the queue. So, Rahul, go first, please. Oh, camera's facing the wrong way. Doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the in-person fee waiver. I'm having a, I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the process is as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences than, rather than us who are living in Asia. Because even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India, I need to travel to China. I need a visa and that process takes easily one to two months. And for that reason, last, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous IETF. I had explained that the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me in advance itself that it's not possible for you to make that decision. Unfortunately, I basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last-minute travel because even last-minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me are going to want to come to IETF. I've been bringing work consistently to IETF. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF, when they learned of a similar situation, actually did move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So let me take that question, Miriam, because this isn't an LLC matter. This is the IETF chair matter. So yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. The, you're, you're exactly right. The IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach for the, for the, for the, the things given out by the IETF chair is one month out. And that's largely historically been done to, to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long-term kind of sustainment and, and, and, and grant kind of opportunity, the same way the IRTF is run. So there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for, for why those, why those, those, those fee waivers are handed out. But your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa, they have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges. So it may time for that paperwork to do process. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at, at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And I will commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches. And I will continue doing it as, as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage the, to do an early tranche of approvals, because I do, I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after typically meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So stay tuned around. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Mark. Hi. Hi, Mark Nottingham. So in the presentation, we said the Secretariat contract is still being renegotiated. And I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Are there, can you communicate anything about why that is? Are there major sticking points? No. We can't explain anything about it at all. So no to the first part, but not to the second part. Yeah. More no to the first one and no to the second one. So there aren't any sticking points? Sorry. So there are no, everything is continuing smoothly. These things just take some time. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Jay. Next up is Andrew. Hi, good morning. Hopefully, good evening, rather. Hopefully you can hear me. I just want to say I was in the ICANN meeting in Mumbai last week, which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue. ICANN's agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITFs. Yet, from my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge the community to consider India as a future venue. I think it'd be excellent for us to go there. And ICANN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. Pete? Hi. In the past couple of weeks, actually, once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments, which at least are interpretable as the ITF LLC is the ITF. For some of us old crusty folks, that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world that the SDO is completely independent of the LLC is sort of part of the charter of the LLC, that there should be no way to influence the ITF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the ITF, as far as I know, the ITF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper or if I'm missing something. Yeah. Thanks for bringing this up, Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there is any confusion. I don't know, Jay, if you want to comment on that, but I don't think we would say the LLC equals the ITF. Yes, no. Yeah. So to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the ITF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the ITF LLC is constructed to at times be the LLC, sorry, to at times be the ITF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the ITF, then the LLC will be there in court as the ITF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up and it will not be on behalf of those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the ITF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The ITF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role and at times in that bowl, it has to be the ITF. The other one I gave you example was the trading name that the ITF LLC can use that trading name as the ITF for things. So what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation. And to say that that nuanced view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem I have is if the ITF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason, I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the ITF. The ITF, the SDO is those 7000 individuals. Now, I don't know how a court deals with that problem. But at least within the community, there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the ITF, the SDO. And if for purposes of contracting and other things, a DBA does not bother me. If the ITF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing business as the ITF, whatever. That's a business relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO, I think is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the ITF within this community is actually making a mistake. Well, thanks for pointing this out, Pete. And we'll, well, yeah, I don't know how to respond to this at this stage. I wasn't in there when the comments were made, but, but yeah, we'll, we'll discuss this and how to make sure to not come across as confusing, apparently. Thanks. Jean? Hi, thanks. Jean-François Quéralt. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with, with the visas. In our particular case, we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows. And unfortunately, we just got their approval two days too late corresponding to their, to their flights. That's nobody's fault. I mean, it's just the way it goes. I was only wondering if, when the venue was analyzed, whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how they would apply to visas. So what we discovered that we ourselves, that's our fault. We did not pay attention to the Chinese New Year was right in the middle. And so for 10, 12 days, the embassy was closed in Delhi. And that just delayed the whole thing. What would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and decent time to get the visas done. Because of that closure, it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that was ever a part of the thinking process. And if not, would it be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations, just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into on the way. Yeah, thanks, John. I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist for the meeting, for the planning, but it's a good point. We could, it's probably not always going to be possible, you know, to add this into the planning cycle. But it's definitely something we can take into account. All right, thank you. Thanks. Who's next? Eric. Hi. So there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting about the suitability of this venue and whether people would be able to attend. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in, the majority of the participants were remote and also a huge fraction of leadership, including by my count, the majority, the IESG and the IAB, are remote. Do you have any comments? Do you have any comments about what exactly? About the suitability of this venue in light of those facts. Well, I can point you to Roman's statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and on-site compared to other meetings. Yes. And I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to work really well, actually, you know, especially also for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization, including you, by the way, I would notice. Yes, including myself when I'm participating remotely. This is not the only ITF. I'm not participating in person. I mean, so I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean, there are a lot of people on site, especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems to have worked out well. I don't know if there are any other comments from other board members. Since the ISG was kind of mentioned, kind of speaking from that, yeah, there definitely is not the full complement of the ISG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel and participate in different venues is kind of contingent on said approval. And a number of parties, at least on the ISG, I won't speak for the other leadership bodies, were not kind of approved. And this is what that turnout kind of looks like. We're waiting from the ISG side, at least. We are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on, you know, what was the experience of kind of all the participants. In particular, we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey. So we are going to have some after, you know, as an after action, some perspective on what those experiences are. From the very kind of quick looks we had, participation may also be uneven, kind of across areas about how much remote and is on site. But it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see any on the stage. Next up, Rahul again. Yeah. So building on my question, as well as Jean-Francois question, is there any long term consideration by IETF on the venue based on visa requirements? Because just for example here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen, but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. And I understand that the hosts would have some considerations, but in general, in the long term, and again, Bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah, I mean, you're very hinted. I mean, we're also dependent on the host to a certain extent and finding venues and et cetera. And also, I think what we've explained earlier in our similar discussions is that it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the pain, if you will, and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas to go to other countries. So in this case, you know, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate. And so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people, you know, gets hit by difficulties each time. But yeah, I hear you. It's difficult to find the perfect venue in that respect. No other comments from our side, I think on that. No. Yes. Hi, Miriam. It's strange to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment. But I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the no visa. And all of that was extremely good. And frankly speaking, it's delightful. My first time in Shenzhen, I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right? Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that. And we are going to see what happens in November. I'm really curious. But we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous path for the ATF to continue in this direction. So that's one comment. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work. And I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on Pete's comment. I think Pete makes a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides and we should be very, very clear on the demarcation that he mentioned. Thank you. Thanks, Arnaud. Jason. Hi, Jason Livingood. This is in response to Pete's question. Now, I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because I wasn't in any of those meetings when I heard things say. But I would encourage people to reread RFC 8711. Pretty straightforward. And section 43, the LLC is established to provide administrative support to the ITF. It has no authority over the standards development activities of the ITF. And it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting, fundraising like fundraisers and so on, compliance and its legal home. So it was the case way back before the IASA 2 activity that the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, you know, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established that there would be a separation between the standards development activities, which are independent and operated by like the ISG and, you know, so on and so forth. And then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear, but I'm not clear on whatever the questions were. Might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion. And happy to help because unfortunately, I think I might have been involved in some. Yes, thanks Jason. Thanks for clarifying this. And yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that RFC. Are there any comments from any of us on stage? No, seeing none. Next up is Vittorio. Hi, Vittorio Bertola. I didn't plan to come to the mic, but I did want to offer a different perspective. I think that having an also to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing. So even if it means that regulars, I mean, many regulars are remote. Actually, I think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the ITF, all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places. It is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting, to come at least one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue. And it is up to us, not up as the regulars. I don't know if I'm a regular by now, not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contributors. And to this extent, I mean, to a certain extent, it was I mean, in multiple sessions, I saw drafts represented by newcomers being met with their usual, unfortunately, attitude by ITF regular. So like, I mean, I mean, condescending or outside hostility or just to away. So I did this is I know the ITF has been putting effort in this and changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there. And this week, it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So in the end, yes, it's also said honestly that there are so many members of the leadership here, I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here. But the fact that we had the largest meeting idea of the ITF ever and possibly meeting with so little, maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever is something we have to think about. I think I'm sure that all of you made all possible efforts to be here in person, but still the result is not satisfactory. Thank you. Thanks for your comments. Vittorio. Rohan. Yeah, I support the fact that we came to China. And several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in San Francisco. And there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks. So, yeah, I think, in the last few years, it's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go. We need to just suck it up. OK, just let let the process run. We need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here and not beat up everyone unless you have a unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go. We need to make a better sense. We need to make sure that we can all go. And it's going to be a little bit more flexible. We need to be a little more flexible. We need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for that comment. Roberta? Hey, folks, I have. I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to United States. And if it's not a problem, you know, if you're looking to be a concern, you're looking to be a problem. And it's not a problem. We are we're looking for it. We are looking for it. And we are looking for it. I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to the United States. going to united states because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in united states you can be you can be retained over there i wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have like a some kind of support for people that are going over there that are afraid because it's for any reason why right i i used to be an ethical hacker so i got some person of interest at least going on so i wanted to ask uh do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the united states and what are you planning as the country is on war right now right so how is going to be the support for attendees yeah um thanks for for bringing this up i know people are are concerned we discussed this before um and you know similar to this meeting i i believe it's for everybody individual to you know decide um you know what the risks are and if you can make it or not i don't i'm not aware jay i don't know if you want to comment on that and if you can provide any legal support um for individuals um i don't think we've done that in the past at least uh roberta no unfortunately that that's not something we can do it's um too expensive the liability is unlimited it really has to be left to the individuals to um do that themselves uh my my biggest concern is that uh you know during the visa process might be everything okay and then we arrive over there and i have some instances of friends that have been uh you know detained and sometimes it's not you know just to go back home is uh to answer over there it's more if we risk it the organization might at least know that we are there you know but thank you we are um effectively a business conference in terms of visas and if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose not coming sorry coming to the us for that purpose not going to work or anything like that then you know there are very in fact i'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained all of the issues been about immigration status and work status within the country not you know people coming to this sort of thing i i thank you for the comment but actually i have some instances because of you know defcon and everything that has happened outside of this i'm really sorry but thank you thank you for for the position thank you oran kamari i think i'm next yes just a quick follow-on from what anon said i found this to be a great venue um everything's worked really nicely people have been great yes it was annoying to have to get a visa but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries so you know we have a lot of people participants from china that's i think is the right thing to do and good on us thanks for an um martin hey so i'm not sure that the lc board has really listened to the community when it comes to either china or the us and i would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we uh have to deal with as one of the factors in making decision and uh i i think that those people who have suggested otherwise uh denying reality in to some extent so i would like to uh sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard uh and uh think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up uh if people are looking to continue participation you know the 400 ish people who turned up in person this time if those people continue to participate then maybe that would be a success if they do not then then maybe we can learn something from that and so i suggest that someone track that thank you uh thanks for that suggestion yeah we can definitely not evaluate this at this point but yeah i don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that nope um then hi there is my media working now yes that's an excellent query to what i'm about to say um so i wanted to push back on our nose point this is about geopox i actually come to the opposite conclusion of martin about politics being important i think that the iesg and the ls llc were correct in their uh you know discussion of with the community about this leading up to the selection that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right load star to have and while i agree with roman that um finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time uh as geopolitics intrudes on our work more and more um i think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world um the regulatory uh impositions we've seen with regard to the network are fairly unique uh in uh if you look at a global context so i would encourage uh the iesg and the llc to take a careful and close look uh in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced um and to take that into account um as you look at future venue selections uh whether uh the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective uh with the venues we select yeah thanks for the suggestion um richard we'll definitely i'm doing that like without any other venue that um we're going to thanks um so miriam if i might on that particular kind of topic uh richard you highlight uh you highlight kind of a good point which is that uh about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges and is there after any meeting a learning a learning experience on you know is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future so i would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to gen dispatch uh tomorrow we have a draft being presented uh on the topic of network requirements and if we if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network kind of for the meeting this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like so please come to that that discussion the llc i think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus uh the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria and thanks for the plug for for my draft room um i wanted to flag that a bit more broadly though for for the uh iesg and llc right the the question was posed to the llc and to the iesg will this meeting be effective right there was a proactive uh prediction that you guys were asked to make and so i think as you're having board meetings iesg retreats things like that i think it would be useful for you these are bodies in you know internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turn out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future yeah thanks um for that addition um tony hi tony lee i'm an american uh the way the unit united states government is operating right now uh the itf cannot protect anyone uh the government is running around uh basically bands of thugs and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable um we've seen them detain citizens we've seen them detain people who are illegally there uh there's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the us thanks tony yeah i don't kind of comment on this um this stage thanks for this um piece of information anyone else wants to comment nope um then i see one more benjamin hi so as a new participant in meetings with the ietf uh the one thing that i have learned is at least from many of you is that work at the ietf happens on the mailing list so to me looking at the number of new participants within this group these are a lot of people that i would not have met going to another meeting and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise so i personally am happy with this venue choice and have an excellent time here that's great to hear thanks benjamin um i don't see any more questions in the queue a little over time so i think that's it thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great evening there if you're there in person miriam before uh we sign off jay do you want to repeat uh this the social focused uh activity kind of tonight uh with the light show that you sent out to the community this is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by cnn nika huawei so this will be um a starting at 8 pm for 15 minutes there will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city center as a welcome to the ietf and i'm told the best place to see this from is the civic center where there will be music as well for that so eight o'clock it's about 10 15 minutes walk you should see you all there okay is there another question i guess not microphone is off so by the way enjoy providing a lot of like social maps uh in front of the doors of this meeting room so feel free to take anyone to go so Thank you. Thank you.