is the optimistic passport in? Yes. Okay. It's this one. No. No, I've got the slides. I'll have to take that. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. You sure? Hmm. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay, you've got it. All right. You have to give him the key. Yeah, yep. Adding back. OK. Yeah, I was working. All right, as we know today's data center, you usually use the Cloud Abonnagy with IP for them. And usually, BGP is the only used routing product. So this design is simple. It's designed simpler for a reason. It's just because for reduced cost, maximized the interrupt. But whenever you go simple, there's always some limitation. So here in the simple design, all of those, you don't really have control. It's usually randomly passed to maximize the ECMP at every stage. And the BGPTPF on the other side is trying to separate our physical IP fabric into multiple logic fabric fabrics or kind of fabrics. And then we come back close to different hundred fabric to achieve not balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid faturing. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabric. Before the display, DPS, let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPL Penning. This is a use case in the AIML fabric. Well, today, when one GPU wants to send data towards another GPU, we usually use the RDMA and the Rocky V2 and be used to send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also allow them to position the big chunk of data into N number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. So each chunk is identified by a QPAL in the rock v2 header. So if we map different flows into different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the colored fabric has perfect node balancing. So this will help avoid the congestion productivity. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red tenant and a blue tenant and they may have different SLA requirements and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric and the red tenant was the red fabric. The blue tenant was blue fabric. This way, the traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other and we could achieve different accessories for different categories of planning. There are also cases where people may want to avoid fidget sharing. One such example is again in the AML fabric. You may want to be allowed to go towards the green fabric while your theta of note was the red and blue fabrics so that your exception flow don't share the same fate as your data flow. The other use case is in the factories, people usually use the PRP, which stands for a parallel redundant protocol to control those robots. What PRP do is try to replicate each packet into two identical copies for redundancy. In case one copy is lost, you will robotly still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through this joint path. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have helped to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the eBGP session, the way we color the fabric is.