It's this one. I've got the slides. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay, you've got it. All right. You have to give him the, yeah, yep. Add it back. Yeah, I was working. All right, as we know, today's data center usually uses the cloud topology with IP forwarding, and usually BGP is the only used routing protocol. So this design is simple. It's designed simple for a reason. just because for reduce the cost, maximize the interop. But whenever you go simple, there's always some limitation. So here in the simple design, all of those, you don't really have control. It's usually randomly has to maximize the ECMP at every stage. And BGP DPF on other side is trying to separate our physical IP fabric into multiple logic fabric. fabrics or counter fabrics. And then we can map flows to different kind of fabric to achieve load balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid fit sharing. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabrics. To further explain DPF, let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPAL pinning. This is a use case in the AI ML fabric. Well today when one GPU wants to send data towards another GPU, we usually use the RDMA and the raw QV2 can be used to send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also allow them to partition the big chunk of data into any number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. So each chunk is identified by a QPEL in the Rockville V2 header. So if we map different flows into different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the colored fabric has perfect node balancing. So this will help avoid the congestion reactively. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red tenant and a blue tenant, and they may have different SLA requirement, and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric, and we mapped the red tenant towards the red fabric, blue tenant with blue fabric. This way, their traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other. And we could achieve different SRAs for different categories of tenant. There are also cases where people may want to avoid fit sharing. One such example is in the, again, in the AML fabric. You may want to exception flow towards the green fabric while your data flow towards the red and blue flow blue fabrics so that your exception flow don't share the same fate as your data flow and the other use case is in the factories people usually use the prp which stands for a parallel redundant protocol to control those robots and what prp do is it try to replicate each packet into two identical copies for redundancy in case one copy is lost, you will, Robert is still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through this joint path. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have to maximize the redundancy. the way we color the eBGP session so the way we color the fabric is