It's a realistic password in. Yeah. Okay. It's this one. Okay. No, I've got the slide to it. I'm going to slide. I'm going to slide. Yeah. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay, you've got it. All right. You have to give him the clip. Yep. I was working. All right. As we know, today's data center, usually use the cloud upon a G with IP forwarding, and usually BGP is the only used loud-him protocol. So this design is simple. It's designed to simple for a reason, it's supposed to produce the cost, maximize the income. But whenever you call simple, there's always some limitation. So here in the simple design, what flows, you don't really have control, is usually randomly passed to maximize the UCMP at every stage. And the PGPPF on other side is trying to separate our physical IP fabric into multiple, logical fabric, or kind of fabrics. And then we come back close to different Android fabric, so achieve not balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid filtering. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabric. Before the explain, if you have then we use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPLPNIM. This is a use case in the ARML fabric. We are today, when one GPU wants to send data towards another GPU, we use the RDMA and the RocketV2 and be used to send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also enough them to publish in the big chunk of data into N number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. So each chunk is identified by a Q-PL in the raw Q-PL to header. So if we map different flows in different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the colored fabric has perfect node bandage in. So this will help avoid the congestion reactivity. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red-tenant and a blue-tenant, and they may have different SRE requirement, and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric, and we match the red-tenant towards the red fabric. The blue-tenant was blue-fabred. This way, the traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other. And we could achieve different asaries for different categories of canon. There are also cases where people may want to avoid filtering. One such example is in the Air M of fabric. You may want to use the green fabric by the data flow towards the red and blue flow fabrics so that your exception flow on the field is the same fit as your data flow. The other use case is in the factories. People are using the PRP which stands for a parallel redundant protocol to control those robots. What PRP does is it tries to replicate each packet into two identical copies For redundancy in case one copy is lost, you will probably still work in. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through is joined past. So in this example, if we map one copy was the blue fabric and one copy over the rat fabric, you would have helped to maximize the redundancy. the way we call it the ebgb session. The way we call it the fabric is