reference: deterministic pass forwarding yeah okay it's this one i have got the slide so i am yeah okay just a minute okay okay just a moment for some technical dissiculty okay you have got it all right you have to give him the yeah yep now its working all right as we know todays data center use the cloud topology with IP forwarding and uh usually BGP is the only used routing protocol. So this design is simple for a reason just because for reduce the cost maximize the  intorp but whenever you go simple there's always a limitation so here in the simple design all of those uh youdon't really have control its usually randomly passed to maximize the ECMP at every stage and BGP DPF on either side is tryign to seperate uh physical IP fabric into multiple nlogical fabrics or color fabrics and then we can map flows to different kind of fabrics to acheive node balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid fixturing. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabrics. To further explaint he DPF let me use a few uh use cases to see how we can use it. The first use came is Queue pair pinning. This is a use case in AI ML fabric . Well today when one GPU want to send data towards another GPU. We use usually use the RDMA and the ROCEv2 can be usd to send those flows and when you send a big chuck of data we also allow them to partition the big chunk of data into n number of equal amount of smaller chuck for better granularity. So each each chunk is identified by uh queue pair in the ROCEv2 header so if we map different flows into different kind of fabric in theory we can make sure each of the kind of fabric has perfect node balancing so this will help avoid the congestion proactively. A second use case is for the multi tenency for GPU as a service. Lets say we have a red tenant and a blue tenant they may have different SLA requirement and they may pay different prices so lets say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric and we map the red tenant towards the red fabric blue tenant with the blue fabric. This way their traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other and we could achieve different SLA for different categories of canon. There are also cases where people may want to avoid fate sharing and one such example is in the again in the AML fabric. Uh you may want to run your exception towards the green fabric while your data flow towards the red fabric and blue flow blue fabrics so that your exception flow don't share the same fate as your data flow and the other use case is in the factories people usually use the PRP which stands for paralled redundant protocol to control those robots and what PRP do is it try to replicate each packet into two duplicate two identical copies for redundancy. In case one copy is lost you robot is still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through disjoint paths. So in this example if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have help to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the EBGP session. No the way we color the fabric is ...
hypothesis: ETHERMINISTIK pass forwarding yes okay it's this one yeah I've got the slides okay okay Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay, you've got it. All right. You have to give him the, yeah, yep. All right, as we know, today's data center usually use the Clue topology with IP forwarding and usually BGP is the only used routing protocol. So this design is simple. It's designed simple for a reason. It's just because for reduce the cost, maximize the interop. But whenever you go simple, there's always some limitation. So here in the simple design, all of the Clues, you don't really have control. It's usually randomly hashed to maximize the ECMP at every stage. And BGP DPF on the other side, it's trying to separate physical IP fabric into multiple logical fabrics or kind of fabrics. And then we can map those two different kind of fabric to achieve load balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid fit sharing. It is a lightweight, but it's a very simple design. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Next, we're going to talk about the DPI traffic engineering for IP fabrics. Before they explain DPI, let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPL pinning. This is a use case in the AI ML fabric. Well, today when one GPU want to send data towards another GPU, we usually use the RDMA and the Rockaway tool can be used to send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also allow them to partition the big chunk of data into n number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. So each chunk is identified by QPL in the Rockaway tool header. So if we map different flows into different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of our data is in the same. So each of the colored fabric has perfect node balancing. So this will help avoid the congestion proactively. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red tenant and a blue tenant, and they may have different SLA requirement and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric, and we map the red tenant towards the red fabric, blue tenant was blue fabric. This way, their traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other. And we could achieve different SLA's for different categories of tenant. There are also cases where people may want to avoid feed sharing. One such example is in the, again, in the AML fabric. You may want to... You may want to... You may want to... the data flow towards the green fabric while your data flow towards the red and the blue fabrics so that your exception flow doesn't share the same feed as your data flow. The other use case is in the factories. People will usually use the PRP, which stands for Parallel Redundant Protocol, to control those robots. And what PRP do is it try to replicate each packet into two identical copies. for redundancy in case one copy is lost, your robot is still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through this joint path. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the eBGP session, the way we color the fabric is.
Word Error Rate: 0.241 (24.11%)
Substitutions: ['deterministic-> etherministik', 'yeah-> yes', 'i-> yeah', 'have-> ive', 'slide-> slides', 'dissiculty-> difficulty', 'okay-> do', 'cloud-> clue', 'intorp-> interop', 'a-> some', 'those-> clues', 'uh-> you', 'youdont-> dont', 'passed-> hashed', 'either-> other', 'is-> its', 'tryign-> trying', 'seperate-> separate', 'nlogical-> logical', 'color-> of', 'flows-> those', 'to-> two', 'fabrics-> fabric', 'acheive-> achieve', 'node-> load', 'fixturing-> sharing', 'to-> before', 'further-> they', 'explaint-> explain', 'he-> dpi', 'came-> case', 'queue-> called', 'pair-> qpl', 'rocev2-> tool', 'usd-> used', 'chuck-> chunk', 'chuck-> chunk', 'uh-> qpl', 'rocev2-> tool', 'kind-> colored', 'kind-> each', 'multi-> multitenancy', 'with-> was', 'sla-> slas', 'canon-> tenant', 'fate-> feed', 'uh-> to', 'run-> the', 'your-> data', 'exception-> flow', 'blue-> the', 'dont-> doesnt', 'fate-> feed', 'paralled-> parallel', 'you-> your', 'disjoint-> joint', 'paths-> path']
Deletions: ['so', 'i', 'am', 'yeah', 'just', 'a', 'minute', 'okay', 'now', 'its', 'working', 'uh', 'uh', 'dpf', 'uh', 'use', 'each', 'queue', 'pair', 'of', 'tenency', 'the', 'and', 'fabric', 'flow', 'and', 'duplicate', 'two', 'help', 'no']
Insertions: ['it', 'okay', 'youve', 'usually', 'its', 'designed', 'simple', 'its', 'the', 'the', 'kind', 'fit', 'but', 'its', 'a', 'very', 'simple', 'design', 'so', 'thats', 'what', 'were', 'going', 'to', 'talk', 'about', 'today', 'next', 'were', 'going', 'to', 'talk', 'about', 'the', 'dpi', 'the', 'rockaway', 'rockaway', 'our', 'data', 'is', 'in', 'same', 'so', 'the', 'colored', 'and', 'you', 'may', 'want', 'you', 'may', 'want', 'to', 'will', 'this']
