is the optimistic passport in? Yes. Okay. It's this one. No. No, I've got the slides. I'll have to take that. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. You sure? Hmm. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay. You've got it. All right. You have to give him the. Yeah. Yeah. I was looking. All right. As we know today's data center, you usually use the cloud technology. With IP for him. And usually, BGP is the only used routing for. So this design is simple. It's designed simpler for reason. Just because for reduced cost maximize the interrupt. But whenever you go simple, there's always some limitation. So here in the simple design. You don't have to know. You don't really have control. It's usually randomly passed to maximize the ECMP at every stage. And the BGPTPF on the other side is trying to separate our. Physical IP fabric into multiple logic fabric fabric or kind of fabrics. And then we come back close to different kind of fabric. Not balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid featuring. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabric. Before the explain DPS, let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPL pinning. This is a use case in the ARML fabric. Today, when one GPU wants to send data towards another GPU, we use using the RDMA and the Roku V2 can be used to send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also allow them to position the big chunk of data into N number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. Each chunk is identified by a QPL in the Roku V2 header. If we map different flows into different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the colored fabric has perfect not balancing. This will help avoid the congestion gradually. The second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red-tenant and a blue-tenant. And they may have different SLA requirements and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is positioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric. And the red-tenant was the red fabric. The blue-tenant was blue fabric. This way, the traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other. And we could achieve different SLA's for different categories of content. There are also cases where people may want to avoid fid sharing. One such example is again in the AML fabric. You may want to leave your message to us. Towards the green fabric while your theta of node towards the red and the blue fabric. And you may want to leave your message to us. So that your exception node will not share the same fate as your theta of node. The other use case is in the factories. People are usually used PRP, which stands for a parallel red-tenant protocol, to control those robots. What PRP does is try to replicate each packet into two identical copies for redundancy. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through this joint path. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would help to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the eBGP session, the way we color the fabric is through coloring the eBGP sessions. And we attach our kernel community for the eBGP session. So if we want to kind of link from spying one to live to as red, then we just kind of the eBGP session on top of it with a red kernel community. And then after the session is called, it only announced routes with the machine kernel goes through. The only exception is for those uncounted routes, which is usually used for the protocol control packet. That can match any fabric. There are two modes when we color the session. The first mode is strict mode, where we use our session kernel capability in the eBGP open message. So negotiate. So let's say if you are configured a red session as red on my end and accidentally configured as blue on the other end, so the negotiation would fail and we would not announce the session to come up. So this works good because it detects the misconfiguration earlier. But the disadvantage is like with today's negotiation, you would have, whenever you change kernel, you need a new open message of the end of the session. Unless you do the dynamic session capability, which is not so far from you today. So to address this, we also announced a new mode where you do announce this misconfigured session to come up. But rather you rely on the route kernel mapping machine to detect the misconfiguration. Let's say again, if it's configured as red on my end, blue on the other end, the red route would be announced to advertise on the red end, but once it's received on the blue end, it will be rejected. So once the sessions are called, now we can kind of the route so that you can specify the intent of how do you want to send the route. The simplest case is like each route just assigned one color. In this case, I have two routes, one assigned with red, that assigned with blue. And the red route will be sent over the red sessions only and the blue route will be sent over blue sessions only. So at the ingress, you would see like red route is going through red spines only and blue route is going through blue spines. And the certain cases people may want like in case my red fabric fails, I don't want to package just drop. So in this case, you can specify a primary kernel and backup kernel. In this case, the route and lift will be specified as red as primary and green as the backup. So what we do is we send the red, we send the route over the red session with the red community. In addition, we also send the route over the green session with the green community. And we also use a agp with metric zero starting from lift to identity to tell the ingress or in the field note that I want red to be my primary. So in this case on if one, when both parts are received, you will know that red is my primary and green backup. There are also cases people may not want just a single kernel backup reason is because when you primary fabric fails suddenly all of the low use goes through the primary fabric. Now we will be dumped to a single backup fabric, which might easily cause congestion on the backup fabric. So to avoid this, we have a mode where you can specify one kernel at the red and you specify the rest of colors as a white card and as backup. So in this case, the route on if to be sent from the red session with red community and agp of zero and is also sent over the green, the blue and purple fabric is corresponding communities. Now at the ingress, you would see the primary pass is just one kind of bio backup pass is a example of three kind of the increase the red fabric fails. The red flows will be evenly or at least and intended to be evenly passed into all of the rest of three fabrics so that each of them only take a fair share of backup without causing congestion. The last mode is you could also signal route with all kernels, which is very simple like send over each of the kind of session with the kind of community and at the ingress, you would see our ECMP, which is not very different from the day's best effort. Right, except that learning tells you the kernel of each next off.B