the extended key usage of proposing. The implication for the testers and here, this is a bit of a controversy. And the testation key, the authors feel like it must be used by a tester to only digitally sign evidence. But it was raised in Montreal that we might wanna create a CSR for that key. So this key might be used to sign something other than evidence. So we've put a should in here. And the implication for the cryptographic modules, obviously the modules need to provide the appropriate service to accomplish the recommendation proposed in this spec. So we've updated the document. We're coming back. We would like to ask for adoption. We have a draft right now, as far as the rats, which is evidence encoding for HSMs, which would be dependent on this EKU. So the work is split between the two groups. As the EKUs are really a lamps concern and the evidence encoding is really rats concern. So that's it for me. These are the pointers if you wanna find the work. I'm ready to entertain questions. Go ahead Mike. Hi. Jay, you got a chance to talk with JP for about an hour last week and actually think a draft like this is necessary. The problem with the current draft, my point of view is that it's heavily rat-ratified as opposed to being PKX. There are a number of things that are in there that are problematic when you're just trying to look at getting key and rolled by a CSR, you know, getting somebody is looking at a certificate to do something useful with it. It's perfectly fine for rats to say what they wanna do on their backside and it's perfectly fine for the CSR or for other things to do what they wanna do with respect to that usage. It's probably not appropriate to go down one path in this document and basically eliminate other facts. There's a couple of the things that are actually technical that need to be fixed related to how you actually do at the station. Speaking of truth, our one way, but there's also proof by decryption, which is used in a couple of other systems. So I don't wanna eliminate those and I wanna make sure that we don't prevent those from going in that case. And there's a bunch of other level things, but again, that's where I'm going with this. Thank you. Mike. I'll express my opinion on whether to rats or not to rats. The point about not overly ratsing, I think was sustained on the CSR attest document. But this EKU document is attempting to register an EKU for the wire format that we're specifying in the rats working group. Like this is a subordinate document to a rats working group document. So I don't understand the objection to ratifying a thing that is subordinate to a rats thing. I think Michael's got a reply. Yeah, and I don't actually understand that. This is a document that is marking a certificate that says the certificate contains a key that can be used for attestations. Period of mistakes. It's not the key in this is a particular type of attestation. That's something different. And if you wanna do that as an EKU associated with something to create over a rat for rats. But this was supposed to be a more general purpose than I at least had the way I understood it. The first time this came around. So. If making this EKU specific to the PKICS evidence ASN1 structure that we're defining in rats would make the objections go away that we could consider doing that. I have to talk to Lego authors, but to me that would seem like a friendly suggestion. What do you mean by that? So if we say this EKU means that the attestor will produce the PKICS evidence structure. See rats document. Rather than say that. Yeah, in that case, in that case, you might as well just put the EKU as part of the rats work. No, but rats doesn't issue EKU slams does. That's why we have two documents. Like the EKU registry is owned by labs. We have to do that here. Okay. That's what I thought we were doing. I thought we were just just getting an EKU for our rats thing. I didn't realize we were trying to boil the ocean. Let's go and Victor. Quick sanity check. This EKU is only for the identity certificate, right? So we're not expected to appear in intermediate or. Rude state. That is that is correct. Yes. Because I've already run into issues with dice where they've specified various EKU's as mandatory and intermediate. Dice certificates and this is not causing real problems. So I want to make sure we don't run into that here. Yes, they have four different EKUs. And they're they're used at various stage of of the lifecycle of the device. Yeah. That's why I'm trying to. That's why I'm not trying to touch those at all. Yeah. And so it's picture. Make sure I understand your property. Your suggestion is this should be only for ease. Not for CAs. Absolutely. Yes, otherwise expect lots of problems and pain. Great. Wonderful feedback. Thank you. What's your. The truth. We're not here. Sorry about that. He came to lamps because you wanted something in this particular OID arc. We don't care about OID arcs, right? This is going to be a random string of bytes. Just do it all in rats. I don't think that has no ID arc. Well, then do it in somebody's private enterprise network OID arc. I mean, really, it's the role. Hey. I think they could even do a coordination with us and get it there. Yeah, just do it that. I mean, if this is designed for that.