All right, so I think actually sadly that is the end of the chartered work group documents. So we'll move. I think we might be back. Hello. Hello, I can hear you. Yes, yes. Okay. So let me load your slides then. Yes. Yes. Over quick slides. Yes. No, the quick client serving. Yes. Thank you. Yes, and I'll pass slide control to you. You should have it now. Go ahead. Thanks. I don't dare to start the video. I'll just run it as I said. My name is Pat on the show and I'm going to present the young groupings for quick clients and quick servers. Let's go. Yes. So what are we doing? We're defining reusable young groupings for the quick protocol. We were using the TLS client server and the UDP client server documents and young modules for this and adding IANA young modules for the quick versions and quick transport parameters. And this work is done is used by the network for a quick young module. The update since last ITF is that we have clarified handling of quick transport parameters updates. And then editorial fixes updated corporate year and a reaction date for initial IANA young modules and editorial fixes. So this is the verbatim from the document regarding the IANA considerations for the quick transport parameters registry. The issue is as was raised the last meeting and that the provisionally registered names can change value when they are made permanent. So how would that be handled? And in short, it's handled as normal with the young December work. So you would roll a new major version of the young module when you update the in and values in a non backwards compatible way. And IANA is okay with this with these considerations. And that is it. This time around all issues that have been raised have been discussed and are as declared. So in my view, we can go for working group last call. Opening up for questions. I'm a little bit surprised that's already already for working group last call. It seems like it was just recently adopted this good. So of course it's not adding too much. So maybe it makes sense. Does anyone have any comments or questions concerns about this document? Yeah, this is Chen Wu again. Can you go back to slide four page four? Yeah. About a change. Yeah, quick transport parameters. I review this part and use you define a young model, you know, use the in-hum. And review, you know, changing a name into identity. Whether this issue will go away actually. Because for this, you know, quick. Version issue, maybe they already can be. See as a capability, legal. A change between the quick client and quick server. They already can be aware of this, you know, version. Issue or. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, I understand. It was discussed in Madrid to use identities or in-hum. And the working group decided on. And that we should use in-hum. As is done for. Most other. I am young modules for registry parameters. Okay. I just tried to understand why management system need to care about this issue. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if they need to update the young module and continue as. They would the value is not. It's only in the description. So the underlying system would have to update it anyway. Manually. Okay. Maybe provide some example. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Any other comments. Thank you. Thank you for the strive. Okay. Thank you very much. Okay. Are we able. Did we get the presenter back for the seabor encoding? Yeah. Okay. Okay. One second. I'm trying to. I thought I'd share your slides already. I'm going to do one more time. Okay. There should be on screen now. Do you see them? Yeah. Okay. Let me pass a clicker control to you. Okay. Should be able to. Move through the slides yourself. Yeah. Received it. Thanks. Hi, everyone. So we're presenting the seabor encoding for HCDF, HCDPS, based on transfer for young notifications. And so basically this is an extension to the HCDF notive draft, which is HCDF, HCDPS, based on. Notive transpor notifications or we young encoding. So what the draft initially suggests is that we. A way to transfer notifications for young data over the HCDPS. Protocol. So we basically implemented the following and. We wanted to extend the particular draft. I'm not. Sorry. Do you have a repeating audio background noise? I'm not sorry. I. I assume there was from. The site. Sorry. I just tried to reload. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I.