Well, good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of ITF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman Denilio and I'm Chair of the ITF. I'm a slideshine. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the ITF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines in addition to things like our ITF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First we're going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the ITF trust. And after that is going to be the ITF administration LLC report. And we always have time at the end forming the bulk of the meeting. And Mike for the community, he asked questions of the different leadership bodies. This year, this time we're meeting the order is going to be the IAB, the ISG, and then the ITF LLC. Next slide, please. So before we get started, I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly, before the meeting kind of starts and kind of hear on site, like the secretary, the meat echo team, the knock team, and all the LLC staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that pushed the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments as quickly as possible. So we arrive at the meeting. We're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted, again, publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Well, thank you for that. So next, I would invite to the stage, Mr. Xian Kai, the deputy director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Mr. Xian and Mr. Xian, the deputy director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. I would like to thank all of you for your support and support. I would like to thank all of you for your support and support. Thank you for your support and support. Thank you for your support and support. Thank you for your support and support. Thank you for your support and support. Thank you for your support and support. I would like to thank all of you for your support and support and support. We hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for watching. Thank you for your support and support. Thank you for the support and support, thank you for your support. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Mr. Shien, thank you for your very kind words and you're welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage, Ms. Zhang Shial, the Deputy Director of CNIC. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Applause. Applause. Applause. Applause. Applause. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right. So next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here, or additional of faxing kind of figures in summary since we last met, please do click on that link that says full report and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen. And I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So phenomenal to see the community come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we've had in historical and historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement that I, of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look around, you're sitting to your left or two people and one other person to your right, one of those people is new to the ITF unless you are. So one quarter, almost one quarter of participants here at the ITF have never been to a meeting before and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the ITF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the internet. Please join a mailing list. Please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes. And we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna or perhaps in San Francisco, the future venues. We have for our meetings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here and also equally unsurprising. We have a very, very robust participation from China given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the IEASG has issued no statements and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements is was related to an appointment to the ITF Trust and to the IPMC. So first we want to publicly say very much, kind of thank you to Sean Turner, who has been selected and we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP245 moderators and I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. Next slide, please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them. You can see from the chart on historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost 10 years. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in Gen affects each and every one of you in the room because the processes defined in Gen impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in anything related to how IAN and code points are specified here in IETF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS working group. If you aspire to tailor, to change, or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the ProCon working group, the process document and consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I talked more about, the Mod Pod Working Group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF. This was recently approved to realize that and to implement that process. That first step is the IESG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be right those procedures and then, of course, execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community, if we are called to the community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the IESG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the Arctic, within the region. It appears with lost enrollment if you could just stand by for one minute. All right, I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on architecture discuss to get into the next slide. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank you. So the first I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel. And this enables them to be here to sort of the community and also to do that each and every each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide please. So I'm going to start with the next slide. I'm going to start with the next slide. I'm going to start with the next slide. So next slide please. And then I wanted to end with with another thank you, which is to Stephanie Cameron. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the director of meeting operations and sponsorships. But she will be unfortunately exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54, four of those. And that that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the to penetrate all the technologies got up around the world in an interoperable kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate. So no detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues, kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting opts and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie. Honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you, thank you so much. And you know, best of luck with your with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the community. So next slide, please. I now turn it over to Drew Doty, who congratulations is the new chair of the IAB. Hello, everyone. I'm Drew Doty. I'm the incoming IAB chair. Next slide please. Yes. So we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website as well as on the IT of 125 proceedings. But this we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geo location. The initial report is out and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out those videos as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data track up. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICANN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the IPRICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this idea of meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen. As well as Roman was at this is plus 20 high level UN meeting where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at appeals. We responded to three appeals since the last idea of meeting and with that, let me pass it on to Dirk who will talk about IRTF. Thank you. Thank you, Dirk. I'm the coach. I'm the IRTF chair. Before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. As I have here, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation in our community. We're doing quite a bit of outreach, training and so on. At this meeting, I have received really great support. I just realized in the past days. There has been a young tenant program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from 30 different universities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here not only this meeting but also previously. And there is a program in Brazil that brought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far so they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And I could then, but maybe please stand up so we can see you all. Welcome to the IJ. So they come all this way to engage with us to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And I really hope this will be worthwhile. Okay, so in the IRTF, we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by Crypto Forum, RasprG and network management RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. Then we have the applied networking research workshop and the applied networking research price. That's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our community in the research community support high quality research and also get new ideas, new people in. And a in a W the workshop is kindly supported by ACM Sikom and Akamai. And if we do this yearly at our summer ITF meeting, so next one will be Indiana, ITF from 26. The workshop chairs are Tomas Schmidt and the rest Christian, thanks very much for doing the work. Call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. The applied networking research price recognizes the best results in applied networking from like last year. So what we do is we nominate like top contributions in the field of applied networking and then there's this election committee that picks the best ones. And this is supported by ISOC, Comcast and NBC Universal. And quite often we get, you know, really, really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite quite current at the moment in the ITF. And so just today in the ITF open we had two AMAP winners. So we had Tiani Gao and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data from the networks and Shangri-La Huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high quality real time communication. So this week we actually had two IIT of open meetings, so one just before and on Tuesday we had one that was dedicated on discussing Internet working research changes for I. We know many discolourons on the broader topic, so we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IITF in this field. So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges. There's a lot of working on in academia and you know conference and so on. So we wanted to figure out how can we make this useful for our larger community. So we invited two really great presentations on different aspects and had good discussion and on potential topics. So what we identified so far was test beds and data sets for reuse experiments, like the broader distributed system and protocol design for this with learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming out and new abstractions for collective communications and so on. But also more principled approaches towards agent communication. Also a topic in all of these site meetings and also above this morning. So the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of naming identity trust delegation and also group communication. And yeah, finally we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. So we're currently supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from Asia. Really good gender balance and so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested or if you know somebody who might be this at the door. Thank you. Thank you. So thank you. So this is my last report as the ITF, a non-com chair for this cycle. These were the people of the non-com 2526 cycle voting members. Some of them are here. So these things them if you see them in the hallway. I've seen one of my non-com members in the Tokyo remote app. So people in Tokyo, thank you also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Diane. Good. But that's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So we're very happy with the current selection. So we had one selection for the LC board, one for the trust, ITF trust and IPMC. Six selection candidates, selected candidates for the IAB, two-term period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas, candidates in the sign for the period of two years. So I'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term. We'll link to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity, of course. That's something that's important to us to our community and also to the non-com. We got a day training this year, like last year, about unconscious buyers, et cetera. So that's important. I think that's something that the non-com was very aware of. Also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations. Some highlights here are, well, not highlight per se. There's no gender diversity improvement this cycle. So we're aware of that, we're a conscious of that. But of course, we try to improve every year. But this is an observation here. We improved on regional diversity. That's a good thing. So different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. And so there's a constant improvement here. And we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline, young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. And we also hear that from the community. In every review, all the reviews we received, thank you, ITF community, for your reviews, for your feedback on the nominees. It's important and stressed. Think about new generation, about the next generation leadership. So with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the non-com members always ask about thinking about your succession. And luckily most of them think about it. And are actually already mentoring candidates for, or nominees actually, for the next non-com cycle. And of course, it's up to the non-com in one, two, three, four years to select the nominee. But it's good that we have nominees to select from. So thanks. Yeah, as I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place, but we can always do better. So it's a constant process. Another thing is, well, lessons learned. The first bullet point is the same as last year, and it's the year before. It's a good document, our RFC 8713. But there are in practical situations. It doesn't say anything about new situations or things we haven't thought of. So, well, there's one thing mentioned. The chair can, with the non-com always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process. Well, and accept it or not expect that situation. So it worked. As in the same bullet point here, the non-com process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. And that works also, but there's now a new point I want to work on. At least some basic documentation, how the things work. Some steps, basic steps, at least how to proceed through the non-com as a chair. And it could also help with the help of, well, kind of delegating task to the secretary. Because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary. So it's good to have some documentation. And most did the practical stuff. That's, yeah. And also for myself, at least during the deliberations, I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just to be a simple process, but I was counting the yes and no's for simple, but yes, maybe no. But it becomes more difficult. And then you have all kind of rankings. And next year, it's good to have this little bit automated so it can focus on the process and all the discussions. And not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes. And so finally, yeah, some words of things. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the non-com chair for this cycle. I learned a lot and was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Also, the ITF community was very supportive. In the beginning, I made some mistakes. And as you are, you directly send me an email that I made a mistake. But it was always supportive. People helped me out. So thank you. Also, the non-convoting members were very, very dedicated. So I was a great team. I was already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chairs, advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and the advice. It's almost I get an award for the Oscar Academy Awards with all the thank yous. Good. And before I leave the stage, I want to call out, volunteer for the next cycle of the non-com. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also, you learn a lot of things about the ITF process, about the people in the ITF and its processes. Thank you. I'm a little bit taller than I am. And I was on the non-com. And I will echo. Please do the non-com. It's a really great experience. You learn so much. And you meet some great people. Anyways, I'm one dean and I'm the outgoing chair of the IPMC Corporation and the ITF Trust. It's a report to ITF. 25. So, uh, non-coms do what they do and the ISG does what it does and they both appoint people to the ITF trust and the IPMC board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Brudan who has served us as an ISG appointee. Kristen was really helpful. She's a lawyer by training. Very helpful and the restructuring work we've been undergoing during the ITF IPMC creation and set up. So thank you very much for Kristen for your service, the ITF Trust and the IPMC. Then there's this guy. Um, he's been around for quite a while and one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term limited. We like people stick around the ITF Trust to build up institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever. And this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants. And I learned so much by being part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it. This coming year with an on come is a pretty another person. So thank you for letting me be that role. I really enjoyed it. So we have a new set of directors for the ITF IPMC. I have a couple of my carrying over, but we've got two new ones. Lars Eckert is coming in as is Sean Turner. And we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers. So I like to announce that Wendy Salter has taken on the role of IPMC president. Sean Turner, I think, is in the Tokyo remote is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer, which Wendy is vacated. And Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary. Likewise, the the idea of trusses in the final throws, but we still needed some people around to close up shop. And so the decision was made of the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be Wendy. So thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. All right. So that's in the old stuff. Let's talk about what we've been doing. So we like to give a report and usually these numbers are zero because you know, trust is set up to be very boring. And when everything's perfect, it's very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing request we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN one module from RFC 9881. So there we we got one. The other good is those we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we never we didn't see anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good. We should deal intellectual property assets. So here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who've been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal. And now we had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So it's formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC operates under. And that was out for a 60 year review that all of you gave us comments. We took them into account and then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the I can see website at that URL. This was big. We've been working for a couple of years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the ITF intellectual property. ITF intellectual property assets, but the ITF trust into the IPMC corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP except for patents. The IPMC is not to patents for the ITF and that is a major milestone. So, um, older pause of that one because there's something to make that one. But I think this is a major major moment with something we've been working to for years. And I'm super happy we finally got there. Not fully done yet though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function, is still in process because we need some signatures as agreements that establish the role of the ITF trust with relation to the IANA. And there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things. The transfers are given from the ITF trust to the IPMC. And I'm going to have a signature before I be known as the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on the behalf of the IEDITF. If you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures on, sign the documents, we get nothing done. And some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation. Because if you look at the ITF documentation, it's the other word ITF trust all over the place. And we have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF IPMC as the successor to that. So that drafts out there in his active. I saw that URL for the IPR WG email list. And finally, the trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions so we can keep that statement acronym are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the IPMC is now the part of the IITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. We're same terms if your lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though. Since that draft, but that document was first written version five, the editorial stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream. There's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there will be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And they'll be published for comment for a third year period where you get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristen. But I think we should also do without going for the IITF trust. It served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank. And it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IITF work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over. And it does its final tax filings. It's done. So I really didn't want to have a hand for the IITF trust because it has made this up. What is the IITF functional and it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a, quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people. I've been working with the IITF for 21 years. We have served as IITF trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do. So it's which is good because they didn't get sued. Don't drop a no excitement. But anyways, for the IITF trust and for all the people volunteer. Can I please have a round of applause? And that is how to contact the IITMC and get more stuff. George. Don't leave the stage. So glad. Thank you for your many years of service and allow me to present you with this plaque. Thank you. Hello and welcome. My name is Jade Ailey. I'm the IITF executive director. Nice to see so many people in the room. So this is the administrative report for the IITF. And I'll start by thanking our IITF 125 host, C.N. Nick and our co-host, the Internet Society of China, CCSA, and the Computer Network Information Centre of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Thank you very much. I also want to thank very much Huawei, our special contributor and social event sponsor, those of you who came last night to the social event. I'm sure we'll remember that. That is the best social event we have had. That was spectacular. Thank you. And then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor, ZTE, to our local sponsor, A.P. Nick and our local supporters, Cornel. Thank you. I also want to thank our IITF 125 Gold Sponsors for diversity and inclusion. Thank you very much to Akamai and Huawei. And thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for IITF 125. We have Comcast and ICANN for diversity and inclusion. We have ZTE for sustainability. ICANN and C.N. Nick for running code. And D. Nick and Dominette for the Open Internet. Thank you all very much. And then finally, thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsor, and connectivity sponsors, without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the IITF with them we do currently. Thank you very much to all of you. I would particularly like to note China Mobile, and China Unicom who have helped very much with this conference. We have staff on site helping us out with our Wi-Fi, which is really going above and beyond. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Every meeting it seems our logos get more and more desirable. So once again, I'm happy to tell you we you can get our swag from the online store. And we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting, particularly for those people who are running such as our current IITF chair. So I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out. We in building the IITF tools and in running the IITF knock, we rely on multiple people who give their time freely to help that work. So thank you very much to all of those people. And Rome has already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this, but I think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here. So we have the Secretariat, Mieterco and the Knock. Thank you all very much for your work. Thank you. Here at IITF 125, we only have a subset of the IITF staff. So I'm on site clearly. I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers. They are staffing the tools help desk. So please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them. We also have the RPC staff at IITF 125, Alana, Alice and Sandier here. They are also staffing a desk. So if you have any questions about RPCs, sorry, RFCs or the editing process, please go ahead and speak to them. And we have the full Secretariat on site as well. So this is a simple diagram of the current structure there. So look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support. See them if you need to want to speak about anything particular. Then please speak to them as well. So finally, on the thanks, thank you to our global hosts. Our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the IITF and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need. Thank you very much. So IITF 126 Vienna. Registrations are open. This will be in July. We are expecting to come. We are just about to sign with the host for the meeting. So that's good news for us. And I hope very much to see as many of the possible of you there. So looking forward to our meetings. We have Vienna coming up. And then after that we have IITF 127 in San Francisco. And since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced very sign as the host of that meeting. IITF 128 in Asia. We are still in the negotiations with. It generally takes us quite some time to negotiate Asian venues. They are more complicated. We often have to use convention centres. And us being a US company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship. So that's going ahead. We certainly aim to announce that by Vienna in possible. IITF 129 Europe. That was due to be signed. And then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day. So we are just trying to work through that. And then we will be able to announce that hopefully quite shortly. IITF 130 is now been announced. That's the higher Regency Vancouver that we've been back to a number of times. And we are of course looking for a meeting host of that. IITF 131 in Asia. We have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues. And we are hoping to, and we're in the negotiations now about that. So that's moving forwards. IITF 132 Europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sought the others out. And IITF 133 is not on here in North America. But we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in South America for that. So that's where we currently are with our meetings booking. We are a little bit behind, but we have so many of them quite close that will catch up quickly. And then we'll be a bit ahead, I think by the end of this year on meeting bookings. So that's it from me. Thank you very much. I want to go to Miriam. Thanks, Jay. I hope you can hear me and see me. My name is Miriam Kuhner. I'm the board of the LLC. I'm the chair of the LLC board. That's more correct. And I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term studying at this meeting. I think Cindy is going to control my slides. So please go on to the next slide. Yes, this is the full board. You can see here Gonzalo and George are there with you in person. Roman is just so awesome online. I'll be online here and Jonah cannot join us for this meeting. But you're all watching. So next slide, please. Yeah, this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the end of year balance. And I'm not going to go through all the numbers. You can do that in your own time. I mean for transparency reasons, obviously, we put them on the slide. So they are be published. You see some notes there. So if you go to the next slide, you'll see some explanations and more details can be find always in the financial statements that we publish every month. And then also at the end of the year overall one thing to note here is that there are some like higher numbers as budgeted. So the positive variances there are mostly comprised of an additional endowment contributions, which always welcome. Isock matching funds also the annual contributions from Isock and some unrealized gains from investments that we have in there. So that's good news. So next slide, please. There's some items that the board is currently working on. We're still working on the secretary of contract with 10 ring that's ongoing. We've published the 2026 budget after consultation of the community consultations. So that's out on the website. As you've seen, we've been piloted the remote remote remote remote room for ITF meetings. And I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions. It seems to work really well. And so all things mostly to LSC staff and they're a great wood, I think, took the lead for making this possible. And then we're going to evaluate the experiences with this and after the meeting and see how we can can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual retreat in April, the board retreat, we're preparing for that to look at like future planning strategy and risk register and other plans that we. We're doing kind of on an annual basis. One thing that's not not on here, but it's certainly also on our mind are meeting network and and and meeting locations. And really I want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists, specifically also meeting networks. And and we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed. And tomorrow I believe in Jan Dispatch and then I will see where that goes after that. And so yeah, please watch that space and contribute to that work. And next slide, please. You can also contribute to our work while participating in our board meetings here, the monthly board meeting here, the dates there also on the website and and Michelle is secretary. She always sends out announcements for the board meetings so they're open to observers. At least like I mean, apart from the meetings, we also have some closed sessions with staff and J. But yes, please join us for these for these board meetings. If you have any questions or contributions to our next slide, please. I think that's about it. Yes, you can find a lot more information on the websites from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements. And also here are a number of of mailing address mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. We just admin discusses our generic kind of administrative mailing list were most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Nick. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Tommy. Tommy did not have a chance to turn on his video. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Pete, I see you're in the queue. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. I'm going to be the first one. Hello. Hello. I'm going to be the first one. Hello. Hello. I'm having a, I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the process is as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences than rather than us who are living in Asia because even for me to travel to a neighboring country. I need to travel to China. I need to travel to a neighboring country. I need to travel to a neighboring country. I need to travel to a neighboring country. I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. Thank you. I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. Hi, Mark Nautium. I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Thanks, Jay. Hi, good morning, hopefully, good evening, I just want to say I was in the ICAN meeting in Mumbai last week, which is a fantastic meeting in a great venue. ICAN's agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITFs, yet from my perspective the meeting worked very well. I just wanted to urge the ITFs to consider India as a future venue. I think it would be excellent for us to go there and ICAN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. Pete. Hi, in the past couple of weeks actually once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments, which at least are interpretable as the ITF LLC is the ITF. For some of us old crusty folks, that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That the SDO is completely independent of the LLC as part of the charter of the LLC, that there should be no way to influence the ITF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the ITF as far as I know the ITF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper or if I'm missing something. Yeah, thanks for bringing this up Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there is any confusion, I don't know Jay if you want to comment on that, but I don't think we would say the you know the LLC is the equals the ITF. Yeah, so to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the ITF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the ITF LLC is constructed to at times be the LLC. Sorry, to at times be the ITF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the ITF, then the LLC will be there in court as the ITF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up and it will not be on behalf of those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the ITF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The ITF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role and at times in that role, it has to be the ITF. The other one I gave you example was the trading name that the ITF LLC can use that trading name as the ITF of things. So what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is actually got a complex situation and to say that that nuance view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem I have is if the ITF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason, I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the ITF. The ITF, the SDO is those 7,000 individuals. Now I don't know how a court deals with that problem but at least within the community, there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the ITF, the SDO. And if for purposes of contracting and other things, a DBA does not bother me if the ITF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing businesses, the ITF, whatever, that's a business relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO, I think is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. Thanks for pointing this out, Pete. I don't know how to respond to this at this stage. I wasn't in there when the comments were made but I will discuss this and how to make sure to not come across as confusing badly. Thanks. Jean? Hi, thanks. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with the visas. In our particular case, we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows. And unfortunately, we just got their approval two days to late corresponding to their flights. That's nobody's fault. I mean, it's just the way it goes. I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed, whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how we applied to the visa. So what we discovered that we ourselves, that's our fault. We did not pay attention to the Chinese New Year was right in the middle. And so for 10, 12 days, the embassy was closing daily. And that just delayed the whole thing. What would otherwise have been a process that would have taken reasonable amount of time and this and time to get the visas done because of that closure. So it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that was ever part of the thinking process. And if not, would it be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into on the way. So I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist in the for the meeting when you're planning, but it's a good point. We could, it's probably not always going to be possible in order to add this into the planning cycle. But it's definitely something we can take into account. Thank you. Who's next Eric. Hi. So there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting by the suitability of this venue and other people will be able to attend. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in, the majority participants were remote and also huge fractional leadership, including by my count, the majority, the ISG and the IAB are remote. Do you have any comments? Do you have any comments about what exactly about the shield glory of this venue in way of those facts? Well, I can point you to Roman statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and and on site compared to other meetings. But I also say that I noticed that remote participation seems to work really well actually, you know, especially also for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization, including you by the Ivory Nilvis. Yes, including myself when I'm participating remotely. This is not the only ITF. I'm not participating in person. I mean, so I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean, there are a lot of people on site, especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems so worked out well. I don't know if there are any other comments on other. What members? Since the ISG was kind of mentioned, kind of speaking from that. Yeah, there definitely is not the full complement of the ISG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel and participate in different in different venues is kind of contingent on set approval and a number of parties, at least on the IHG. I won't speak for the other leadership bodies where we're not a kind of approved. And this is what that that turnout kind of looks like. We're waiting from the ISG side at least we are waiting for the post meeting survey to get feedback on what was the experience of kind of all the participants in particular we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in person survey. So we are going to have some after as an after action some perspective on what those experiences are from the very kind of quick looks we had. Participation may also be uneven, kind of across areas about how much remote and is on site, but it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments I don't see any on the stage next up or all again. So building on my question as well as John Francois question. Is there any long term consideration by IITF on the venue based on visa requirements because just for example here if the meeting was not in Xinjiang but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. I understand that the host would have some considerations but in general in the long term and again Bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah, I mean, you're already into them. We're also dependent on the host certain extent and and and you know, finding venues and et cetera and also I think what we've explained earlier, you know, similar discussions is that it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the pain if you will and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas go to other countries. You know, large group of participants from China, hopefully had it easier to participate and and so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people you know gets hit by difficulties in each time. But yeah, I hear you I it's difficult to to find the perfect venue for in that respect. I know other comments from our side, I think on that. No. Yes. I'm here. I'm just trying to see you again after two weeks ago. I'm not sure what they tried to say in his comment, but I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the no visa and all of that was extremely good and frankly speaking, it's delightful. I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally is a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right. Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that and we are going to see what happens in November. I'm really curious. But we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous pass for the ATF to continue in this direction. So that's when I will say thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work and I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on PIT's comments. I think PIT makes a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides and we should be very, very clear on the demarcation that's that image. Thank you. Thanks are no Jason. Hi Jason living good. This is in response to PIT's question. I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because I wasn't. And then any of those meetings where I heard things say, but I would encourage people to reread our C8711 pretty straightforward. And section 4, 3 that LC is established to provide administrative support to the ITF has no authority over the standards development activities of the ITF. So it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting fundraising like fundraisers and so on compliance and its legal home. So it was the case way back before the IASA 2 activity that the standard development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. It's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, you know, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established that there would be a separation between the standards development activities, which are independent, not rated by like the ISG and, you know, so on and so forth. So I think that's the reason why I think this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear, but I'm not clear on whatever the questions were might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion and happy to help because unfortunately I think I might have been involved in some. Yes, thanks Jason. Thanks for clarifying this and yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that RC. Thanks from any of us on stage. No, seeing none. Next up is Victoria. Hi, I didn't plan to come on the mic, but I did want to offer a different perspective to what the echo said. I think that having and also to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of new cameras is not a negative thing. I think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the ITF, all the international organizations rotate and meeting new places. It is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting to come at least one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue. And then I think that's up to us, not as many the regulars. I don't know if I'm a regular right now. Not up to the new cameras to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular continues to us. And to this extent, it was mean in multiple sessions. I saw drafts represented by new cameras being met with their usual unfortunately, attitude by ITF regulars. I mean, condition, then so outside hostility or just to away. So I did this is I know the ITF has been put in effort in these in changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there. And this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So in the end, yes, I it's also said, honestly, that there are so many members of the leadership here. I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here. But the fact that we had the largest meeting idea of the ITF ever and possibly meeting with the solitude, maybe the smallest participation leadership ever is something we have to think about. I think I'm sure that all of you made all the possible efforts to be here in person, but still the result is not satisfactory. Thanks for your comments. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. Yes, I am. from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in San Francisco. And there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks. It's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go. We need to just suck it up. Okay. Just let the process run. We need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here and not beat up everyone. Unless you have a, unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go. That is going to meet all of the requirements and is going to allow this, this regular change of venue. So that things are, are convenient for different people and different continents. We just need to, we need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for that comment. Roberta. Hey folks, I have, I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to United States. Because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in United States, you can be, you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have like a, some kind of support for people that are going over there that are afraid because it's for any reason why right. I used to be an ethical hacker. So I got some person of interest at least going on. So I wanted to ask, do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the United States? And what are you planning as the country is on war right now? Right. So how is going to be the spot for attendees? Yeah, thanks for for bringing this up. I know people are in our concern. We discussed this before. And similar to this meeting, I believe it's for everybody is individual to decide what the risk of, and if you can make it or not. I don't, I'm not aware. Jay, I don't know if you want to comment on that. And if he can provide any legal support for individuals. I don't think you've done that in the past at least. Roberta, no, unfortunately, that's not something we can do. It's too expensive. The liability is unlimited. It really has to be left to the individuals to do themselves. My biggest concern is that during the visa process might be everything okay. And then we arrive over there and I have some instances of friends that have been detained and sometimes it's not just to go back home is to answer over there. Is more if we risk it. The organization might at least know that we are there. But thank you. We are effectively a business conference in terms of visas. And if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming to the US for that purpose, not going to work or anything like that. Then, you know, there are very, if I'm not aware of any instances, the somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country, not, you know, people come into this sort of thing. I thank you for the comment, but actually I have some instances because of, you know, that comment, everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry, but thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Warren, come on, I think I'm next. Yes. Just a quick follow on from what I'm on said, I found this to be a great venue. Everything's work really nicely. People have been great. Yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa, but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries. So, you know, we have a lot of people participants from China, that's I think is the right thing to do and good on us. Thanks, Warren. Martin. Hey. So, I'm not sure that the LC board has really listened to the community when it comes to either China or the US. And I would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with as one of the factors in making decision. And I think that those people who have suggested otherwise. Denying reality, to some extent. So, I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard. And think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. People are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people that turned up in person this time. If those people continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point, but yeah, I don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that. Nope. Then. There is my media working now. Yes. I said, excellent. Priorities. What I'm about to say. So I want to push back on our most point. This is about the job. So I actually come. I come to the opposite conclusion of Martin about politics being important. I think that the ISG and the LLC were correct in their discussion of with the community about this leading up to this selection that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right load start to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time as geopolitics and truths are more and more. I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world. The regulatory in positions we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique in if you look at a global context. So I would encourage the ISG and the LLC to take a careful and close look in retrospect at this meeting in the challenges we faced. And to take that into account as you look at future venue selections, whether the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective with the venues we select. Yeah, thanks for the suggestion, which should be definitely doing that like with all any other venue that we're going to things. So Mary, if I might on that particular kind of topic, Richard, you highlight, you highlight kind of a good point, which is that. About kind of what might be kind of unique challenges and is there after any meeting a learning, a learning experience on you know is there something that we learn here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future. So I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to Jen dispatch tomorrow. We have a drafting presented on the topic of network requirements. And if we if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network kind of for the meeting, this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like. So please come to that discussion, the LLC, I think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus, the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria. And thanks for the flag for for my draft. Flag that a bit more broadly though for for the ISG and LLC, right, the question was posed to the LLC and to the ISG will this meeting be effective, right, there was a proactive prediction that you guys are asked to make. So I think as you're having board meetings, I asked you retreats things like that, I think it would be useful for you, these are bodies in you know internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions to not be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future. Thanks for that addition, Tony. Hi, Tony Lee, I'm an American. The way the United States government is operating right now, the ITF cannot protect anyone. The government is running around basically bands of thugs and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable. We've seen them detained citizens, we've seen them detained people who are legally there. There's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the US. Thanks Tony, yeah, I don't kind of comment on this stage, thanks for this is of information. And else wants to comment, nope, then I see one more Benjamin. So as a new participant in meetings with the ITF, the one thing that I have learned is at least from many of you is that work at the ITF happens on the mailing list. So to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this venue choice and have an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue a little over time, so I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great evening there, you there in person. Miriam before we sign off Jay, do you want to repeat the social focused activity kind of tonight with a lecture? Thank you. This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by C. and Nick a while away. So this will be a starting at 8pm for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city center. As a welcome to the ITF and I'm told the best place to see this from is the civic center where they'll be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock it's about 10 15 minutes walk you should see you all there. I'm sure you'll be able to see it. Another question. I guess not microphones off. So. By the way, enjoy. Provide a lot of like social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take anyone.