All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISC, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISC. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda. And this other kind of approach that practical approach, get us, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPS where we merge the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the ISC has focused on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is, always steal is the outgoing application in real time director who served one term. Or a year in a sense, the triple threat, you masquerade it as the RADD, but you were also the shadow second with AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stats. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree. We have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. Or really thank you so much for your service. Last up is, Paul Wutters, who is the outgoing security area director, he served two terms. I can do this a lot of different ways, but Paul first up, I want to say, thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a second area. So being a secondary AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area, how we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first thank you for that. I also wanted to mention, like your community procedure, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures, has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that and in all seriousness, thank you very much for your services. Well, Paul, thank you for all of you, I believe you need these. So, or we have a plaque for you in person, and Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right, so we have historically had the transition, if we could have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So, the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see, it kind of on the stage. So, we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen and Charles, you're going to get a started. Okay, everyone, I'm Charles Zackle in coming our AD, and a new, an RDD or it's still outgoing RDD. Roman Danilieu, Jen, Tommy Johnson in coming into AD. Eric, you're here? I'm going into AD. Sorry. So, Eric, the other, Eric Ving, the other, ongoing entity, and by the way, stepping down next year. So, if you are interested to be an entity, please talk to me. My head management side of OpsAD is a jinguishar routine, I do. Can you take them out if you're out in AD? And move on. Dr. Kulis Sekedi Kirsten Asyel Sekedi Oh, how does Art Gweng Sekedi? Dr. Kulis Sekedi. Mike Bishop with AD Gory Fahist Renewing AD for Whitt. Tommy? Tommy did not have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pauli is the outgoing of the video. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay, so the Mike line is open questions for the ISG. Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first, I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the ISG as well. Both dispatch on Monday and catalyst later in the week, made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or pre-set of slides for folks were presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments both in the room, and especially on the Zulip chat were very much. Who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for both proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the both side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your sort of dispatch groups and buffs. Taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteer to write some text. Did you just say you're going to volunteer to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need to some another type of a form or something like that. So we should take that and try to work on it. All right, just anyone else from the ice g having it comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Yeah, well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that welcome kind of contributions and participants for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a working progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to to tighten that up realizing that the dispatches are kind of a critical mechanism to hack to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay, next up are now I see you're in the queue as well. Yes, gentlemen. Just feel as you had not here yesterday. I think that the group has sent the question on the on my little bit critical regarding the way we manage the agency AI situation. So if it would be in most of the group, people would say, chair was the way forward. And my complainer it a bit here is that three meetings with three times side meanings at this level of entropy that it just created an in fact we's good that people could discuss about it. But we cannot take action we cannot have we cannot have consensus we cannot organize our says we are not creating shelters we're not so that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just for the timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to do like to do something and to be very direct. I would I would like to see a little bit more press subscription just to use that word from from the leadership here to say the guidance is this whatever you guys want to do okay, but I think we need to be a bit more driven to. To stop this this this entropy level. So, so. Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles are no like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And you know in a sense how do we do that. Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the ITF with how we run things and tightly bound charters and you know what is the approach to on ramp it you know in there the boss that you know that we just had in canalyst is one of those approaches that is one of them sure many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the that the I issue takes up at its. And it's a strategy meeting slash cattle off site about how to convert the energy not just in AI and side meetings into structural things in the in the standards process. Hey, I just wanted to make one other comment on on the subject of meeting you know between IITFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim buffs it's a relatively new procedure I've only seen one of them before but Francesca previous RAD help set that up so. If that's something that your you know communities or groups that have been meeting and side meetings would like to make use of I volunteer my two fellow RAD to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something we should we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. So, thanks. So, the the I cannot do that for you I mean I don't know in of what's possible but that that's certain new possibility. Just as a point of benchmark and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we you we had the first meeting on edge of the K. I this week thanks to Adrian and and the team on the catalyst red drop. That's the point for me step one started December 24. Who in 15 months I am where I am but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus alignments understanding creation with structuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there and time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of friction at the moment and we have a societal problem we have other requirements that I'm not been taken into account there's a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom of the approach and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree to solve the AI. The problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization but it's going to be partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations and open source to kind of get us there. Okay, thank you. So, I, Jen, you're next in the queue. I, I, I, I, I have the similar concern for the working of the AI into the ITF, you know, you know, you know, this meeting is there about over 60, 70, 30, and I think many of them, many content of many content of them content is overlapped. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in one more form of manners. Okay. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for the feedback again to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior. The catalyst buff is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the out of the side means I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects it intersects many if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring bring in are intersections of the existing work that we of the existing areas that we have each one of those has some mechanism to to onboard whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working roots. So we should also leverage those processes just because again something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Yeah, Martin Duke, a contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment however many ITFs ago that was and I kind of feel like the. I'm very I'm conscious probably more than most people the hard it is to schedule all the sessions at an ITF, but I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular the original concept was there be no counter programming to dispatch at all on on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard I think pretty quickly we collapse that to you know really self contained groups that that really have no interaction with anything else but really wanted to keep it clear for the power users. The power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work and. Yeah, I have to be sure they have a moq now. My work group is actually moved to Monday morning it contains many ITF power users it moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. But I just I just want to leave the comment with the ISG let's try to preserve that that model for dispatch we really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas. Yeah, thank you thank you thank you. Martin where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glam all the areas kind of together so we of course have ended up with a federated federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like sec. And so we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that decontlection. Okay next up Roberta your next. I have a question related to maybe from foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. So if we have some structure that we could enter information like information about areas that might not be applyable to the engineering work at specifically that would be the non working groups but that might be foundation out to people comprehensive of the you know some of the terms that has. Connection with it for example for agent take AI agents and AI itself where would be the place for a to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of you know the foundation our models those kind of informations that. And so I think that we can make difference for the way that people do drafts is there a place that we can you know join information and do so. And so I think that's the main thing that we can do is to make sure that the state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening on the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it. I don't pretend to understand the all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross cutting. And so that's the main thing that you can do is to make sure that you can create and ship into different forums inside the ITF I think the answer would be to produce an idea and enter that draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in your organization. Thank you. And on the same topic if you allow me to to end. We'll give you to one area director. It can really easily refer you to others. Right. And I don't know the multiple times. The M is in art. It's started in in for instance. Right. So it's quite common. We'll show each other. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment. I'm pausing waiting. James. James we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a mic. James we. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, I.s. G. Thank you. And we'll move to the next of our open mics. Thank you. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all as well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage. And I will be there. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's J. I can see you. All taking seats. Take up this.