Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay, you've got it. You have to give him the... I was working. All right, as we know today's data center usually use the Knot Abonnaggi with IP for him and usually BGP is the only used routing product. So this design is simple. It's designed simpler for reason. It's just because for reduced cost maximize the interrupt. But whenever you go simple, there's always some limitation. So here in the simple design, all of those, you don't really have control. It's usually randomly passed to maximize the ECMP at every stage. And BGP DPF on the other side is trying to separate our physical IP fabric into multiple logic fabric or color fabrics. And then we come back close to different colored fabric to achieve not balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid fat sharing. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabric. So before the explain DPF, let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPL PINIM. This is a use case in the ARML fabric. Well, today when one GPU wants to send data towards another GPU, we use using the RDA and the Roku V2 and be used to send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also allow them to position the big chunk of data into N number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. So each chunk is identified by a QPL in the Roku V2 header. So if we map different flows into different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the colored fabric has perfect not balancing. So this will help avoid the congestion reactivity. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a rat tenant and a blue tenant and they may have different SLA requirement and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a rat fabric and a blue fabric and the rat tenant was the rat fabric. This way, the traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other and we could achieve different SLA's for different categories of tenants. There are also cases where people may want to avoid featuring one such example is again in the ARML fabric. You may want to be able to allow to include the green fabric while your data flow towards the rat and the blue fabric so that your exception flow don't share the same fit as your data flow. The other use case is in the factories, people are usually used PRP, which stands for a parallel redundant protocol to control those robots. What PRP does is try to replicate each packet into two identical copies for redundancy. In case one copy is lost, you robot is still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through this joint path. In this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the rat fabric, you would help to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the eBGP session, the way we color the fabric is...