It's a realistic password in. Yeah. Okay. It's this one. Okay. No, I've got the slide to it. I'm going to slide. I'm going to slide. Yeah. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay. You've got it. All right. You have to give him the. Yeah. Yep. You're ready back. Okay. Yeah. I was booking. All right. As we know, today's data is under. You're doing it. Okay. Okay. Okay. So today's data center. You're using the. The cloud upon the G. And with IP forwarding. And the. You're doing it. BGP is the only used. The bottom product. So this design is simple. It's designed. Simple for reason. It's because for. Use the cost. That's nice. The in top. But whenever you go simple. That's always some limitation. So here in the simple design. The. My next hashtag was C. I want to make it so if you share, What's on this and we're on the cloud Trend network. So clouds on cloud cloud CLOS. Uh, you don't really have control. It's usually random. We have Krez, To box Microsoft cloud CLOS. You know it'sץ but not close. And you don't really have control, or differentiated SLA or avoid filtering. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabric. Before the explain the TF, let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPLupinim. This is a use case in the AIML fabric. When one GPU wants to send data to another GPU, we use the RDMA and the ROKV2 and be used to send those flows. When you send a big chunk of data, we also allow them to publish in the big chunk of data into a number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. Each chunk is identified by QPL in the ROKV2 header. If we map different flows in different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the colored fabric has perfect noticing. This will help avoid the congestion activity. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red-handed and a blue-handed. They may have different SLA requirements, and they may pay different prices. Let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric, and we map the red-handed towards the red fabric. The blue-handed was blue-fabred. This way, the traffic will be isolated, and they will not interact with each other, and we could achieve different SLAs for different categories of handling. There are also cases where people may want to avoid filtering. One such example is in the Air M of fabric. You may want to use the blue-handed. Towards the green fabric, while the data flow towards the red and blue-fabred. The other use case is in the factories. People are using the PRP, which stands for a parallel redundant protocol to control those robots. What PRP does is try to replicate each packet into two identical copies. For redundancy, in case one copy is lost, you will probably still work with the other two copies. However, this kind of redundancy only works. If you can make sure both copies go through is joined past. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have to maximize the redundancy. The way we call it, the EBGP session. The way we call it, the EBGP session. The way we call it, the EBGP session. The way we call it, the fabric, is...