It's a realistic password in. Yeah. Okay. It's this one. Okay. No, I've got the slide to it. I'm going to slide. I'm going to slide. Yeah. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay. You've got it. All right. You have to give him the. Yeah. Yep. You're ready back. Okay. Yeah. I was booking. All right. As we know, today's data is under. You're doing it. Okay. Okay. Okay. So today's data center. You're using the. The cloud upon the G. And with IP forwarding. And the. You're doing it. BGP is the only used. The bottom product. So this design is simple. It's designed. Simple for reason. It's because for. Use the cost. That's nice. The in top. But whenever you go simple. That's always some limitation. So here in the simple design. The planning goes with as a UI or avoid filtering. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabric. Before the explain, the CPU has used a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPLPNIM. This is a use case in the AIML fabric. We are today, when one GPU wants to send data towards another GPU, we use the idea and the ROKV2 can be used to send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also enough them to partition the big chunk of data into a number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. So each chunk is identified by a QPLPNIM in the ROKV2 header. So if we map different flows in different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the colored fabric has perfect mountain scene. So this will help avoid the congestion reactivity. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red tannin under blue tannin. And they may have different SRE requirement and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric. And we map the red tannin towards the red fabric. Blue tannin was blue fabric. This way, the traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other. And we could achieve different SREs for different categories of tannin. There are also cases where people may want to avoid filtering. One such example is in the Air M of fabric. You may want to use the red tannin towards the green fabric while the red tannin towards the red and blue fabric. So that your exception flow on the field is the same fit as your data flow. The other use case is in the factories. People are using the use the PRP, which stands for a pair now redundant protocol to control those robots. What PRP does is it tries to replicate each packet into two identical copies. For redundancy in case one copy is lost, you will robot with scale working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through is joined pass. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have helped to maximize the redundancy. The way we call it, the eBGB session. The way we call it over the fabric is.