It's a realistic password in. Yeah. Okay. It's this one. Okay. No, I've got the slide to it. I'm going to slide. I'm going to slide. Yeah. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay. You've got it. All right. You have to give him the. Yeah. Yep. You're ready back. Okay. Yeah. I was booking. All right. As we know, today's data is under. You're doing it. Okay. Okay. Okay. So today's data center. You're using the. The cloud upon the G. And with IP forwarding. And the. You're doing it. BGP is the only used. The bottom product. So this design is simple. It's designed. Simple for reason. It's because for. Use the cost. That's nice. The in top. But whenever you go simple. That's always some limitation. So here in the simple design. The cloud. And the cloud. No. That's a lot of noise. And you don't really have control. Is usually randomly. Has to maximize the UCNP at every stage. And the BGP. So on the other side. It's trying to separate our. Physical. It's a fabric into multiple. Not like fabric or colored fabrics. And then we come back. fabric, so achieve not balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid filtering. And it is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabric. Before the explain, if you have, then we use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPLPNIM. This is a use case in the AIML fabric. Today, when one GPU wants to send data to another GPU, we use the idea of the AIML and the rockery tool can be used to send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also allow them to publish in the big chunk of data into a number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. So each chunk is identified by QPLPNIM in the rockery tool header. So if we map different flows in different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the colored fabric has perfect noticing. This will help avoid the congestion reactivity. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red-tenant and a blue-tenant, and they may have different SLA requirement and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric and we map red-tenant towards the red fabric. The blue-tenant was blue-fabred. This way, the traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other. And we could achieve different SLA's for different categories of handling. There are also cases where people may want to avoid filtering. One such example is in the AIML fabric. You may want to use the green fabric, while the data flow towards the red and blue-fabred. So that your exception flow won't be out of the same fit as your data flow. The other use case is in the factories. People are using the PRP, which stands for a parallel redundant protocol to control those robots. What PRP does is it tries to replicate each packet into two identical copies. For redundancy, in case one copy is lost, you will probably still work in. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through is joined past. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have to maximize the redundancy. The way we call it, the EBGP session. The way we call it, the fabric is...