It's a realistic password in. Yeah. Okay. It's this one. Okay. No, I've got the slide to it. I'm going to slide. I'm going to slide. Yeah. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay. You've got it. All right. You have to give him the. Yeah. Yep. You're ready back. Okay. Yeah. I was booking. All right. As we know, today's data is under. You're doing it. Okay. Okay. Okay. So today's data center. You're using the. The cloud upon the G. And with IP forwarding. And the. You're doing it. BGP is the only used. The bottom product. So this design is simple. It's designed. Simple for reason. It's because for. Use the cost. That's nice. The in top. But whenever you go simple. That's always some limitation. So here in the simple design. The cloud. And you don't really have control is. Usually random. It has to maximize the UCMP at every stage. And the BGP PFF on other side. It's trying to separate. A. Physical. I did fabric into multiple. No. Not. Fabric or kind of fabrics. And then we can back. Knows to different. Kind of fabric. to achieve not balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid filtering. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabric. Before the explain the TF, let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPLPNIM. This is a use case in the AIML fabric. When one GPU wants to send data to another GPU, we use the RDMA and the ROKV2 and be used to send those flows. When you send a big chunk of data, we also allow them to publish in the big chunk of data into a number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. Each chunk is identified by QPLPNIM in the ROKV2 header. If we map different flows in different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure that each colored fabric has perfect node balancing. This will help avoid the congestion activity. The second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red-handed and a blue-handed and they may have different SLA requirements and the very particular price is. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric and we map the red-handed towards the red fabric. This way, the traffic will be isolated and we will not interact with each other and we could achieve different SLA's for different categories of canon. There are also cases where people may want to avoid filtering. One such example is in the AIML fabric. You may want to use a blue-handed and a blue-handed. The red and blue-handed fabrics are the same as the red fabric. The other use case is in the factories. People are using the PRP which stands for a parallel redundant protocol to control those robots. What PRP does is it tries to replicate each packet into two identical copies. For redundancy in case one copy is lost, you will probably still work in. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through is joined past. In this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have helped to maximize the redundancy. The way we call it, the EBGP session, the way we call it the fabric is.