It's a realistic password in. Yeah. Okay. It's this one. Okay. No, I've got the slide to it. I'm going to slide. I'm going to slide. Yeah. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay. You've got it. All right. You have to give him the. Yeah. Yep. You're ready back. Okay. Yeah. I was booking. All right. As we know, today's data is under. You're doing it. Okay. Okay. Okay. So today's data center. You're using the. The cloud upon the G. And with IP forwarding. And the. You're doing it. BGP is the only used. The bottom product. So this design is simple. It's designed. Simple for reason. It's because for. Use the cost. That's nice. The in top. But whenever you go simple. That's always some limitation. So here in the simple design. And also we have to let it. This tools we can actually 쓸 the page your team. It's actually a traditional kind of student. You know, if somebody went there easier than it does. differentiated SLA or avoid filtering. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabric. Before the display, df, let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPLupinim. This is a use case in the ARML fabric. Well, today, when one GPU wants to send data towards another GPU, we use the ARML and the ROKV2 can be used to send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also enough them to partition the big chunk of data into N number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. So each chunk is identified by a QPL in the ROKV2 header. So if we map different flows in different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the colored fabric has perfect load balancing. So this will help avoid the congestion reactivity. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red tannin and a blue tannin. And they may have different SRE requirement and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric. And we map red tannin towards the red fabric. The blue tannin was blue fabric. This way, the traffic will be isolated, and they will not interact with each other. And we could achieve different SREs for different categories of tannin. There are also cases where people may want to avoid filtering. One such example is in the Air M of fabric. You may want to use a blue tannin towards the green fabric while the red and blue fabric is blue fabric. So that your exception flow on the field is the same fit as your data flow. The other use case is in the factories. People are using the PRP which stands for a parallel redundant protocol to control those robots. What PRP does is it tries to replicate each packet into two identical copies. For redundancy in case one copy is lost, you will robot with scale working. However, this kind of redundancy only works. If you can make sure both copies go through is joined pass. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have helped to maximize the redundancy. The way we call it, the EBGP session. The way we call it over the fabric is.