the extended key usage that we're proposing, the implication for the testers, and here, this is a bit of a controversy. And the test station key, the authors feel like it must be used by a tester to only digitally sign evidence, but it was raised in Montreal that we might wanna create a CSR for that key, so this key might be used to sign something other than evidence. So we've put a should in here. And the implication for the cryptographic modules, obviously the modules need to provide the appropriate service to accomplish the recommendation proposed in the spec. So we've updated the document. We're coming back. We would like to ask for adoption. We have a draft right now as far as the, of the rats, which is evidence encoding for HSMs, which would be dependent on this EKU. So the work is split between the two groups as the EKUs are really a LAMP's concern and the evidence encoded, encoding is really a rat's concern. So that's it for me. These are the pointers if you wanna find the work. I'm ready to entertain questions. Go ahead, Mike. Hi. I got a chance to talk with JP for about an hour last week, and I actually think a draft like this is necessary. The problem with the current draft, from my point of view, is that it's heavily ratified as opposed to being PKX. There are a number of things that are in there that are problematic when you're just trying to look at getting a key enrolled by a CSR, you know, getting somebody who's looking at a certificate to do something useful with it. It's perfectly fine for rats to say what they wanna do on the rat side, and it's perfectly fine for the CSR or for other things to do what they wanna do with respect to that usage. It's probably not appropriate to go down one path in this document that basically eliminates other paths. There's a couple other things that are actually technical that need to be fixed related to how you actually do attestation. Signatures are one way, but there's also proof by decryption, which is used in a couple of other systems. So I don't wanna eliminate those, and I wanna make sure that we don't prevent those from going in that space. And there's a bunch of other little things, but again, that's where I'm going with this. Thank you. Mike. I'll express my opinion on whether to rats or not to rats. The point about not overly rat sing, I think was sustained on the CSR test document, but this EKU document is attempting to register an EKU for the wire format that we're specifying in the rats working group. Like this is a subordinate document to a rats working group document. So I don't understand the objection to ratifying a thing that is subordinate to a rats thing. Over. I think Michael's got a reply. Yeah, and I don't actually understand that. This is a document that is marking a certificate that says the certificate contains a key that can be used for act of station, period of mistake. It's not the key in this is a particular type of act of station. That's something different, and if you wanna do that as an EKU associated with something you create over a rat, perhaps. But this was supposed to be a more general purpose than I, at least that's the way I understood it the first time this came around, so. If making this EKU specific to the P-Kicks evidence.