the extended key usage that we're proposing, the implication for the attesters. And here, this is a bit of a controversy, an attestation key, the authors feel like it must be used by an attester to only digitally sign evidence. But it was raised in Montreal that we might want to create a CSR for that key. So this key might be used to sign something other than evidence. So we've put a should in here. And the implication for the cryptographic modules, obviously the modules need to provide the appropriate service to accomplish the recommendation proposed in the spec. So we've updated the document. We're coming back. We would like to ask for adoption. We have a draft right now. Speaker 1 Speaker 2 Speaking Speaker 1 Speaker 3 Speaker 2 Speaker 3 Speaker 4 Speaker 1 Speaker 2 Speaker 1 Speaker 1 Speaker 1 Speaker N Speaker 2 Speaker 1 Speaker 1 Speaker 4 Speaker 4 Speaker 5 Speaker 8 Speaker 9 Speaker 10 Speaker 12 Speaker 9 Speaker 11 Speaker 12 Speaker 13 Speaker 14 Speaker 15 Speaker 14 Speaker 16 Speaker 17 Speaker 14 Speaker 18 Speaker 17 Speaker 19 Speaker 21 Speaker 22 Speaker 23 Speaker 21 Speaker 24 Speaker 24 Speaker crowd Speaker 45 Speaker 26 Speaker 26 Speaker 27 Speaker 28 Speaker 29 Speaker 51 Speaker 23 Speaker 47 Speaker 48 Speaker 49 Speaker 50 Speaker 51 Speaker 51 encoding is really a RATS concern. So that's it for me. These are the pointers if you want to find the work. I'm ready to entertain questions. Go ahead, Mike. Hi. I got a chance to talk with JP for about an hour last week. And I actually think a draft like this is necessary. The problem with the current draft, my point of view is that it's heavily RATS-ified as opposed to being P-KEX. There are a number of things that are in there that are problematic when you're just trying to look at getting a key enrolled by a CSR, getting somebody who's looking at a certificate to do something useful with it. It's perfectly fine for RATS to say what they want to do on the RATS side, and it's perfectly fine for the CSR or for other things to do what they want to do with respect to that usage. It's probably not appropriate to go down one path in this document that basically eliminates other paths. There's a couple other things that are actually technical that need to be fixed. Related to how you actually do attestation. Signatures are one way, but there's also proof by decryption, which is used in a couple of other systems. So I don't want to eliminate those, and I want to make sure that we don't prevent those from going in that space. And there's a bunch of other little things, but again, that's where I'm going with this. Thank you. Thank you. Mike? I'll express my opinion on whether to RATS or not to RATS. The point about not overly RATSing, I think, was sustained on the CSR attest document. But this EKU document is attempting to register an EKU for the wire format that we're specifying on the CSR to be able to do that. So I think that's a good way to do that. And I think that's a good way to do that. I think that's a good way to do that. Thank you. Thank you. I think that's a good way to do that. I think that's a good way to do that. I think that's a good way to do that. So I don't understand the objection to RATSifying a thing that is subordinate to a RATS thing. Over. I think Michael's got a reply. Yeah. And I don't actually understand that. This is a document that is marking a certificate that says the certificate contains a key that can be used for attestation. Period. I'm just saying. It's not the key in this is a particular type of attestation. That's something different. And if you want to do that as an EKU associated with something you create over in RATS, perhaps. But this was. This was. This was supposed to be a more general purpose than I. At least that's the way I understood it the first time this came around. So. If making this EKU specific to the PQIC's evidence.