the extended key usage that we're proposing, the implication for the attesters. And here, this is a bit of a controversy, an attestation key, the authors feel like it must be used by an attester to only digitally sign evidence. But it was raised in Montreal that we might want to create a CSR for that key. So this key might be used to sign something other than evidence. So we've put a should in here. And the implication for the cryptographic modules, obviously the modules need to provide the appropriate service to accomplish the recommendation proposed in the spec. So we've updated the document. We're coming back. We would like to ask for adoption. We have a draft right now. Speaker 1 Speaker 2 Are there any questions on how this experience works? Speaker 1 Yes, just a couple arguments that I would like to make about how the sexual identity engaged takes place in all that. siete Inspection tat Speaker 1 actually欧 Inspection tat get restocked. Yes. Speaker 1 Now, I just want to turn you back on it because that took you against the craft in that Connoisseur. Speaker 2 Theoft Speaker 2 You Speaker 3 assigned Speaker 4 to all, Speaker 5né Speaker 5 Speaker 16 Speaker 7 I'm ready to entertain questions. Go ahead, Mike. Hi. I got a chance to talk with JP for about an hour last week, and I actually think a draft like this is necessary. The problem with the current draft, from my point of view, is that it's heavily ratified as opposed to being PQ. There are a number of things that are in there that are problematic when you're just trying to look at getting a key enrolled by a CSR, you know, getting somebody who's looking at a certificate to do something useful with it. It's perfectly fine for rats to say what they want to do on the rat side, and it's perfectly fine for the CSR, or for other things to do what they want to do with respect to that usage. It's probably not appropriate to go down one path in this document that basically eliminates other paths. There's a couple other things that are actually technical that need to be fixed related to how you actually do attestation. I mean, signatures are one way, and they're also proved by decryption, which is used in a couple of other systems. So I don't want to eliminate those, and I want to make sure that we don't prevent those from going in that space. And there's a bunch of other little things, but again, that's where I'm going with this. Thank you. Mike? Yeah, I'm going to go back to the chat. I'm going to go back to the chat. I'm going to go back to the chat. Okay. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. I'll express my opinion on whether to rats or not to rats. The point about not overly ratsing, I think, was sustained on the CSR attest document. But this EKU document is attempting to register an EKU for the wire format that we're specifying in the rats working group. Like, this is a subordinate document to a rats working group document. So I don't understand the objection to, to ratsifying a thing that is subordinate to a rats thing. Over. I think Michael's got a reply. Yeah, and I don't actually understand that. This is a document that is marking a certificate that says, the certificate contains a key that can be used for attestation. Period. I'm just saying. It's not the key in this is a particular type of attestation. That's something different. And if you want to do that as an EKU associated with something you create over in rats, perhaps. But this was supposed to be a more general purpose than I, at least that's the way I understood it the first time this came around. So, if making this EKU specific to the P-KICS evidence Business officials tell them in front of this report set An e t n i t i i n u n f p l e e