Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Thanks. Thank you. Goodbye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Thank you. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye and goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye and goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye and goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Let me end the, then we're going to start to kick to the same issue. But before we shut this one off, a fun last highlight from the report by Bill Hundreds of the National Human Rights Spring reciprocal report that we put out with tiny collective projects and work! The future of the IT taxpayer is meeting the order is going to be the IAB, the IASG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide, please. So before we get started, I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site, like the secretariat, the MeetEcho team, the NOC team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that push the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments, you know, as quickly kind of as possible. So when we arrive at the meeting, we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Well, thank you for that. So next, I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Kai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Thank you. We're gonna write a坑 Your email machines. Let meangel Deja evo Yeah, okay. Well then, go to to attend the 125th IETF Conference. I am very honored. First, on behalf of the Ministry of Industry and Information, the Information and Communications Management Bureau, I would like to extend my warmest congratulations on the successful opening of the conference and thank all the friends and colleagues who have been supporting and supporting the development of Chinese Internet for a long time. As an internationally influential organization in the field of Internet, since the establishment of IETF, we have made irreplaceable contributions in the core agreements, architecture, and technical standards of Internet, and have established a solid technical foundation for the prosperous development of the Internet. We express our high praise for this. China preserves the spirit of opening, tolerance, cooperation, and win-win, and persists in the technology and technology development of all aspects beyond the government and society. China precisaids diesebe值 by took estudio and assumes the principles of international day-to-day она zweqina ši xé xì its foundation for Luquan... tra nas ripple or not li lizhém före in the weibo of integration It's already exhausted August rain, soon after the development of sky is kids. a Chinese army incessantly uns cameraman r おきく不管水槍 and the integration of AI technology and Internet deepening, bringing new opportunities and new challenges. We look forward to this conference as a chance to discuss the advanced technology and innovation of the Internet, and we look forward to the development of more and more collaborative and collaborative results in the future. We will work together to help the development of high-quality Internet industry, and we will work together to open up innovation, and build the common destiny of the Internet space, so that digital civilization can better take care of the people of the world. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and happy life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of Ciennic. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation. We are very grateful to you for the great presentation presented to us by our board. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right. So next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here, or additional facts and kind of figures and summaries since we last met, please do click on that link that says full report, and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen, and I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So, you know, phenomenal to see the community to come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we've had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement that I, of the early stats that I saw coming in, is that if you look around, you know, you're sitting to your left, there are two people, and, you know, one other person to your right. One of those people is new to the IETF, unless you are. So one quarter of, almost one quarter of participants here at the IETF have never been to a meeting before, and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the IETF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here, helping us shape the future of the Internet. Please join a mailing list. You know, please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes. And we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna or perhaps in San Francisco, the future venues we have for our meetings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world, and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here. And also equally unsurprising, we have a very, very robust participation from China, given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the IESG has issued no statements, and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements was related to an appointment to the IETF Trust and to the IPMC. So first, we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner, who has been selected, and we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP245 moderators, and I'm going to just talk about that a little bit. Next slide, please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together, and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical, from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity to say thank you to all of you. I just wanted to take this opportunity, since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening, to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in GEN affects each and every one of you in the room because the processes defined in GEN impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and CodePoints are specified here in IETF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS working group. If you aspire to tailor, to change, or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the PROCON working group, the Process Document and Consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC, and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I'd talk more about, the Mod Pod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF. This was recently approved. To realize that and to implement that process, that first step is the IESG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be write those procedures and then of course execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community if, we have a call to the community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the IESG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well, and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the architecture framework on these other parts of the website. RFC did this as part of a showcase, as part of a maiOla program through R seguridad, by this panel. But I've put their seventies into effect. Everything's kind of engaged still to get to that point. With that, Corinne, do you see... are you able to interrupt Dominic again? I'll put my mic on though. Yeah, I'm just going to quickly ask All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel. And this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the director of the IETF. And she's been a great supporter of the IETF. And she's been a great supporter of the meeting operations and sponsorships. But she will be, unfortunately, exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those. And that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world. In an interoperable kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf. Stephanie, and honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you. Thank you so much. And, you know, best of luck with your, with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the community. Thank you. So next slide please. I now turn it over to Drew Doty who congratulations, is the new chair of the IAB. Hello everyone. I'm. I'm the incoming IAB chair. Next slide please. Yes. So we have the full IAB report which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings, but this we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out, and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out those videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data track up. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the APRICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region. We come to Shenzhen. As well as Robin was at WSIS plus 20 high level UN meeting where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals. We responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk, who will talk about IRTF. Thank you. Thank you, Drew. Hello, I'm Dirk Kutscher. I'm the IRTF chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So as IRTF chair, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training. And so on. And so at this meeting, I have received really great support. I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young tenant program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here, not only this meeting, but also previously. And there is a program in Brazil that brought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And could the Brazilians maybe please stand up so we can see you all. Welcome to the IRTF. So they come all this way to engage with us, to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And I really hope this will be worthwhile. Okay. So in the IRTF, we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by Crypto Forum, RASP RG and Network Management RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. Then we have the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. These two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee, support high-quality research, and also get new ideas, new people in. And ANW, the workshop, is kindly supported by ACM SICCOM. Thank you. And ACAMI. And we do this yearly at our summer IRTF meetings. So next one will be in Vienna, IRTF 126. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. The Applied Networking Research Prize recognizes the best results in applied networking from research. Thank you. nas, Начan, you know, really, really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite current at the moment in the IETF. And so just today in IETF Open, we had two ANRP winners. So we had Tianyi Gao, and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks, and Xiangjie Huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high-quality real-time communication. Congratulations. So this week, we actually had two IETF Open meetings, so one just before. And on Tuesday, we had one that was dedicated on discussing infrastructure. So we had two international meetings, and one was on the Internet working research challenges for AI. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic. So we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IETF in this field. So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges. There's a lot of working in academia and in our conference and so on. We want to figure out, okay, how can we make this useful for our larger community? So we had two really great presentations on different aspects and had good discussion on potential topics. So what we identified so far was testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments, like the broader distributed system and protocol design for distributed learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming out and new abstractions for collective communications and so on. So we have a lot of work to do. But also more principled approaches towards agent communication. Also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the buff this morning. But so the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of naming, identity, trust delegation and also group communication. And finally, we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended for the IETF. So we have a lot of work to do. And we are excited to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google and Netflix. And so this time we had a robust participation from Asia, really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of March. So we are excited to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. So we have a lot of work to do. But also more principled approaches. And so this isذه knocked off next week if you're interested or if you know somebody who might be. may be этот thank you very much. . Thank you. So, thank you. So, this is my last report as the ITF NOMCOM chair for this cycle. These were the people of the NOMCOM 25-26 cycle. The voting members, some of them are here. So, please thank them if you see them in the hallway. I see one of my NOMCOM members in the Tokyo remote hub. So, people in Tokyo, thank him also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Dejan. Good. But it's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So, we're very happy with the current selection. So, we had one selection. One selection for the LLC board. One for the trust, ITF trust and IPMC. Six selection candidates, selected candidates for the IAB, two-term period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas candidates and assigned for a period of two years. So, I'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the NOMCOM. And I hope that we can have a good next term, willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity, of course. That's something that's important to us, to our community and also to the NOMCOM. We got a day training this year, like last year, about unconscious bias, et cetera. So, that's important. I think that's something that the NOMCOM was very aware of. Also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations. Some highlights here are, well, not highlight per se. There's no gender diversity improvement this cycle. So, we're aware of that. We're conscious of that. But, of course, we try to improve every year. But this is an observation here. We improved on regional diversity. That's a good thing. So different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. And so there's a constant improvement here and we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline, young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. And we also hear that from the community. In every review, all the reviews we receive, thank you, ITF community for your reviews, for your feedback on the nominees. It's important and stressed, think about new generation, about the next generation leadership. So with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the NOMCOM members always ask about thinking about your succession. And luckily most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for, or nominees actually, for the next NOMCOM. And of course it's up to the NOMCOM in one, two, three, four years to select the nominee, but it's good that we have nominees to select from. So thanks. Yeah, as I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place, but we can always do better. So it's a constant process. Another thing is, well, lessons learned. The first bullet point is the same as last year. And as the year before. It's a good document, our RFC 8713, but they're in practical situations. It doesn't say anything about, well, new situations or things we haven't thought of. So, well, there's one thing mentioned, the chair can with the NOMCOM always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process and well, and accept it or not. And that's the expected situation. So it works. As in the same bullet point here, the NOMCOM process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. And that works also, but, and that's now a new point. I want to work on at least some basic documentation, how the things work, some steps, basic steps, at least how to proceed through the NOMCOM as a chair. And that could also help with the help of, well, kind of delegating tasks to the secretary, because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary. So it's good to have some documentation and mostly the practical stuff. That's yeah. And also for myself, at least during the deliberations, I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just to be a simple process, but I was counting the yes and no's for simple, but yes, me. And I think that's a good point. Yes, maybe no, but it becomes more difficult. And then you have all kinds of rankings. So I think for the next year, it's good to have this little bit automated so it can focus on the process and on the discussions and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes. So finally, yeah, some words of thanks. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the NOMCOM chair for this cycle. It was very, well, I learned a lot and it was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Also the ITF community was very supportive. In the beginning, I made some mistakes and as you are, you would directly send me an email that I made a mistake, but it was always supportive. People helped me out. So thank you. Also the NOMCOM voting members were very, very dedicated. So it was a great team. I mentioned that already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chairs, advisors, and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice. It's almost, I get an award for the Oscar Academy Awards with all the thank yous. Good. Before I leave the stage, I want to call out, volunteer for the next cycle of the NOMCOM. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also, you learn a lot of things about the ITF process, about the people in the ITF and its processes. Thank you. University, it was an honor to actually meet you today. Because of the dhpAWS and all the mechanics and slide development, I was actually – when I was regarding myself as the CEO Campbell and policy advisor to a board together with the Department of Public races andrukturations for various Utility Advisors. We talked a lot about政府 fuse ing Hello everyone. NOMCOMS do what they do and the IASG does what it does and they both appoint people to the ITF Trust and the IPMC Board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burden who has served us as an IASG appointee. Kristen was really helpful, she's a lawyer by training, very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing and doing the ITF IPMC creation and set up. So thank you very much for Kristen for your service to the ITF Trust and the IPMC. Then there's this guy. He's been around for quite a while and one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term limited. We like people to stick around for a while. We want the ITF Trust to build up our institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever and this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So I've had a lot of fun, I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was shocked. I was walking in the shadow of giants. And I learned so much by being a part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it this coming year when the NOMCOM is appointing another person. So thank you for letting me be in that role. I've really enjoyed it. So we have a new set of directors for the ITF. A couple of them are carrying over, but we've got two new ones. Lars Egret is coming in, as is Sean Turner. And we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers. So I'd like to announce that Wendy Seltzer has taken on the role of IPMC president. Sean Turner, who I think is in the Tokyo remote, is taking on the role of IPMC president. Wendy Seltzer is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer, which Wendy has vacated. And Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary. Likewise, the ITF trust is in the final throes, but we still needed some people around to close up shop. And so the decision was made that the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be Wendy. So thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. Thank you, Sean. All right, so that's the in and the out stuff. Let's talk about what we've been doing. So we'd like to give a report. And usually these numbers are zero, because trust is set up to be very boring. And when everything's perfect, it is very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN 1 module. So there we got one. The other good news, though, is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good if you deal in intellectual property assets. So here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a state trust. And we've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who have been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal and now. We had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So this formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC operates under. And that was it for a 60-day review. All of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. This one's big. This one's a little bit more complex. We've been working for a couple years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the ITF intellectual property assets from the ITF trust into the IPMC corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP, except for patents. The IPMC does not do patents for the ITF. And that is a major milestone. So hold your applause for that one because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major moment. It's something we've been working to for years. And I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet, though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function, is still in process because we need some signatures. There's agreements that establish the role of the ITF trust with relation to the IANA. And there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the ITF trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I no longer was the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on the behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures on, sign the document so we can get that thing done. And some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documents. So we're going to update the IETF's documentation because if you look at the IETF documentation, it's got the word ITF trust all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF, IPMC as the successor to that. So that draft's out there and it's active. It's all about URL for the IPR, WG email list. And finally, the trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions. So we can keep track of them. We can keep that same acronym are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the IPMC is now the party holding the assets to the ITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. Same terms, if your lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though, since that draft or that document was first written, version five, the editorial stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there'll be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And they'll be published for comment for a 30-day period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristen. But I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF Trust. It served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank. And it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over, and it does its final tax filings, it's done. So I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF Trust. And so I really did want to have a hand for the ITF Trust because it has made this What is the ITF? functional. And it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as ITF trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do, which is good because it means they didn't get sued. No drama, no excitement. But anyways, for the ITF Trust and for all the people who volunteer, can I please have a round of applause? And that is how to contact the ITMC and get more stuff. George? Don't leave the stage. Thank you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So Glenn, thank you for your many years of service. And allow me to present you with this plaque. You can't have it. It's still in your hands. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hello and welcome. My name is Jay Daly. I'm the ITF Executive Director. Nice to see so many people in the room. So this is the administrative report for the IETF. And I'll start by thanking our IETF 125 host, CN Nick, and our co-host, Tsinghua University, the Internet Society of China, CCSA, and the Computer Network Information Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Thank you very much. I also want to thank very much Huawei, our special contributor and social event sponsor. Those of you who came last night to the social event, I'm sure will remember that. That is the best social event we have had. That was spectacular. Thank you. And then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor, ZTE, to our local sponsor, APNIC, and our local supporters, Coremail. Thank you. I also want to thank our IETF 125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion. Thank you very much to Akamai and Huawei. And thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for IETF 125. We have Comcast and ICANN for diversity and inclusion. We have ZTE for sustainability, ICANN and CN Nick for running code, and DE Nick and Nominet for the open internet. Thank you all very much. And then finally, thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsors, without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the open internet. Thank you very much to για. I did not want to end the event without a 뭔가 of a little bit of a shout out. And there is hopefully Eric and Sonia at home behind the scenes, so maybe an important little hit in the field. So thank you for all the committee or people on the advise. Awesome. our logos get more and more desirable. So once again, I'm happy to tell you, you can get our swag from the online store. And we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting, particularly for those people who go running, such as our current ITF chair. So I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out. In building the ITF tools and in running the ITF NOC, we rely on multiple people who give their time freely to help that work. So thank you very much to all of those people. And Rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this, but I think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here. So we have the Secretariat, Miitako and the NOC. Thank you all very much for your work. Here at IETF 125, we only have a subset of the IETF staff. So if you're interested in joining us, please do so. And we're happy to help you out. Thank you. So I'm on site, clearly. I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers. They are staffing the tools help desk. So please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them. We also have the RPC staff at IETF 125. Alana, Alice and Sandy are here. They are also staffing a desk. So if you have any questions about RPCs, sorry, RFCs or the editing process, please go and speak to them. And we have the full Secretariat on site as well. So this is a simple diagram of the current structure there. So look out for the green tops they're wearing. If you need any support, see them. If you need to want to speak about anything in particular, then please speak to them as well. So finally, on the thanks, thank you to our global hosts. Our global hosts are the ones who have been working with us for the past few weeks. We're really happy to have you all. And I want to thank you all very much. You've been a great support to us. Thank you. And thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. ones that make the multi-year commitment to the ietf and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need thank you very much so ietf126 vienna registrations are open this will be in july we are expecting to come we are just about to sign with the host for the meeting so that's good news for us and i hope very much to see as many as possible of you there so looking forward to our meetings um we have vienna coming up and then after that we have itf127 in san francisco and since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced very sign as the host of that meeting ietf128 in asia we are still in the negotiations with it generally takes us quite some time to negotiate asian venues they are more complicated we often have to use convention centers and us being a us company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship so that's going ahead we certainly aim to announce that by vienna if possible ietf129 europe that was due to be signed and then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day so we are just trying to work through that and then we'll be able to announce that um hopefully quite shortly itf 130 in has now been announced that's the hyatt regency vancouver that we've been back to a number of times and we are of course looking for a meeting host for that ietf131 in asia we have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues and we are hoping to we're in the negotiations now about that so that's moving forwards ietf132 europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out and ietf133 is not on here north america but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in south america for that okay so that's where we currently are with our meetings booking we're a little bit behind but we have so many of them quite close that we'll catch up quickly and then we'll be a bit ahead i think by the end of this year on meeting bookings so that's it for me thank you very much handing over to miriam thanks jay i hope you hope you can hear me and see me um my name is miriam kuhne i'm the board of the um llc i'm the chair of the llc board that's more correct and i would like to thank you actually for um selecting me for another term studying at this um at this meeting um i think cindy is gonna control my slides so please go on to the next slide yes this is the full board you can see here and gonzalo and george are there with you in person and roman is you saw was um online i'll be on i'm online here and and sean i cannot join us um for this um meeting um but you're all watching so next slide please yeah these are this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the the end of year balance and i'm not going to go through all the numbers you can do that in your own time i mean for transparency reasons obviously we put them here on the slide so they'll be published you see some notes there so if you go to the next slide you'll see some explanations and more details can be found always financial statements that we publish every month and then also at the end of the year overall one thing to note here is that there are some like higher numbers as budgeted so the positive variances there are mostly comprised of an additional endowment contributions which always welcome ISOC matching funds also the annual contributions from ISOC and some unrealized gains from investments and that that we have and there so that's that's good news so next slide please just some items that the board is currently working on we are still working on the secretariat contract with tendering that's ongoing we've published the the 2026 budget after consultation of the community consultations so that's out on the website as you've seen we've been piloted the remote we piloted this like new feature with remote rooms for ITF meetings and I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions it seems to work really well and so well thanks mostly to LLC staff and their Greg Wood I think what took the lead for making this this possible and then we're going to evaluate the my experiences with this and after the meeting and see how we can can move forward with that and and we're also having our annual and retreat in in the board retreat, we're preparing for that to look at future planning, strategy, risk register and other plans that we're doing on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here, but it's certainly also on our mind, is a meeting network and the meeting locations. And I really want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists, specifically also on meeting networks. And we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed tomorrow, I believe, in GENdispatch. And then we'll see where that goes after that. And so, yeah, please watch that space and contribute to that work. Next slide, please. You can also contribute to our work by participating in our board meetings. We have a very large number of board meetings. We have a monthly board meeting. Here are the dates. They are also on the website. And Michelle, our secretary, she always sends out announcements for the board meetings. So they're open to observers, at least like, you know, partially part of the meetings. We also have some closed sessions with staff and Jay. But yes, please join us for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to our work. Next slide, please. I think that's about it. Yes, you can find a lot more information. You can find information on the websites from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements. And also here are a number of mailing address, mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. Admin discusses our generic kind of administrative mailing lists where most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Let's distribute a few this way as well. Let's start with thanking the outgoing IAB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen, as we know him, has fluffy. And I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair now that he's not on the IAB anymore. Maybe. But seriously, you have been, it's so good to talk to you. When we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to the heart of the IAB. You go directly to the heart of the matter. And with that much clarity of thought, it has been amazing having discussions with you. Miria, you have served a decade on the leadership at the IAB and ISG. Every term with so much dedication, so much hard work, it has been amazing. The things that you have done as the IAB chair have such a lasting impact. You have opened the IAB with IAB Open. The way we do liaisons. The way we... Even our webinars. We have a website revamp. So everything that we think of IAB as current has been done under your leadership and it has been amazing. Tommy, on the big screen, always calm, collected, always clear in thought. As an IAB chair, we went through a transition. We had a bigger geographic and time zone dispersion. We had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well. And there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an IAB chair, you have been a great leader. You have been a great leader. You have been a great leader. You have been a great leader. You have been a great leader. You have been a great leader. You have been a great leader. You have been a great leader. You have been a great leader. And I think we have been really able to build on the things that we've learned from you. So I think it's been a great experience. And I think the next thing I want to highlight is that we have been able to build on the things that we've learned from you. You have made sure that in all the activities we went through at the IAB, we went through new activities with respect to more active participation at Internet Governance and you helped us. You made sure that each of us at the IAB felt supported in all the activities that we do. So thank you. And finally, Chin. Chin has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management, operations, and Yank. And this is... And Chin showed us the diverse participation matters, and also the kind of engagement everything network management operations and yang uh and this is uh and chin showed us the diverse participation matters having a viewpoint from looking from different areas from different geography bringing a different viewpoint to this IV is fundamental and Chen you have shown that in your last two terms so with that I would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four outgoing members for the two outgoing members who are here we can use a photo opportunity can I invite you please and chin let's go this way uh we won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Cullen but I think maybe somebody can make an AI generated one and uh with that let's do introductions and then we'll do open mic uh for introduction let's start with Jason Jason living good IAB Mark Nottingham IAB me equivalent outgoing IB Suresh krishnan IAB Warren Kamari and a surprising turn of events IAB Yaroslav rosamacho incoming AAB through Dodi incoming IB chair I've got a return uh uh good good thank you very much uh Dotarnith They will also maintain security whereas in the description we have uh your their own hello this is Alichea Aku still in the room alicapia slumaker alicapia alicapia ce own spike check sh Within alicapia quien alicapia algo can стран allil Thank you. Fluffy, outgoing. Glad the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Do we have Jenna? Matthew? Matthew, IAB. Nick? Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. And Roman, how come we are missing you? I'm sorry. I think we can't hear you, Roman. Okay, move on. Open mic, questions for the IAB. And somebody will help me with the Q. All right. So congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are leaving. And so I have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by IAB, especially on the liaison. I think Miria and Suresh are working on that one. I think this is really good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about liaison. I observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework. Liaisons are good, but they are just one part of the equation. We have seen in some areas like DM between ITF and SG17, we started to have leadership that started to speak to each other. And I must say thank you to Jim Reid. I don't know where Jim is, but he was the one who pushed us here to do that, and that was good. However, it's only this week I realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other. And not that people don't want, in fact, but people don't know. Not only don't know, but even I don't know. I don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process, tools, et cetera. So that's probably something we should explore. The second thing is that I was approached with a lot of questions after my side meeting. I would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are doing to the IAB so that we can really intimately understand together how we work and what could be tangible actions we could do together. Then, I think, I think it's important to say that I'm not a big fan of the IAB. But at least I am a big fan of the IAB. Then, the next point is about opportunities. There is going to be on the ITU side a plenipotentiary that's supposed to be in Doha. We'll see what happens, but that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions. And I want to come back on the workshop on China land protection that the IAB promoted. Yes, please. Now, the window is slightly opened to make a change in this resolution. If you have some desires based on what you are doing now, now is the moment. It never happens in years. And we managed to unlock the doors at member state level. So now they know that they're going to modify it. So if you want to seize this opportunity, do it. The last point is about AI. AI, AI, AI. So here, the frustration are the friction of three IETF meetings that each of them had signed meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream. I can understand Madrid, OK, Montreal. Now again, in fact, this week, we did the first official meeting with the board of both catalysts on the . So the problem is timing. And so if you move your brain until what's going to happen next and you consider a number of risks, including for San Francisco in November, that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there. I am doing on my side three meetings, one place. January and one content week from now until next July so it's an offer I can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings size it because this will give you input to prepare the July meeting in Vienna we must have something in concrete in Vienna because if San Francisco is risky that's the only moment we can do something so we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in Vienna and and I will bring all the input you need uh let's make it happen so I know it was a lot of things you don't need to answer now but these are things we can do offline thank you uh let me uh tackle just a few points very quickly we will not go in depth for all of them with respect to liaisons I completely agree the first thing that we have to do is relationship I think that's when we do best when we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that so any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can up to discuss we can of course maybe get some better tooling whichever way you have that we find people reach out to us we want to do this better uh with AI the last question I think I'll leave that to ISG from the IAB side I think we are watching we are we help during the bof preparation with catalyst with other things so we are watching but that question specifically with side meeting and everything it's for the ISG so hold on to that uh remind me any other what were the two other questions resolution for itu PP so thanks for bringing bringing it up we have uh plans to participate we are discussing uh this is still a lot of inputs coming in let's continue the conversation does any other IB member wants to add yeah please go ahead yeah I actually um appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this um way forward and like you are helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups in ITU I think actually that works very well and it's to set like if you need to improve we can do that but I'm actually very positive that that I'm seeing that so thank you for that there is one regret I have just that can say that Tommy and I discussed an idea of a workshop on a jaunty KI that would have helped remove a lot of hits and relates on we didn't do it I don't know why it happened but that's something that the IB could have done now it's too late but we have another way we can do it and achieve it for for the life um for the liaison piece in fact there is something that is simply a lack of practice in terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer a liaison statement because for us sometimes tell us don't do it that would help us to be able to do it because sometimes tell us don't do it that would help us to be able to do it because sometimes tell us don't do it enormously because until we receive something from the community here saying I tell you don't do that I cannot show that to member states so there are few simple things that if the leadership works together we can pass you the message and help you organize that and it's it's easy it will not take too much time and everybody will be happy I I think we have made a bunch of improvements on that we have been sending acknowledgments at least and as well as nudging various groups that action is needed but as we have discussed this multiple times is just a very different fundamental way the two organizations work we have to find a middle ground let's continue to talk that's what I can offer any other uh we have one more person but I can see the name Andrew um I just wanted to see and I read for being extremely uh yeah uh numbers for their work over the last two three years on outreach it has made a difference and it has shifted uh the reputation of the community significantly in other uh bodies so thank you for doing that and please continue thank you Andrew I didn't catch everything but it seemed a little like you were happy so that's good anyone else otherwise going once going twice and isg thank you so I'd welcome the incoming and outgoing ISG to the stage foreign foreign foreign all right uh as we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover and here in the ISG we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving serving with first uh Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms you know Eric it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG you've helped us through some tough deliberations and whether you know it or not you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time which is the metric of is this topic worth worth a while and I'm excited about that and I'll be here on Monday so if you're interested in taking that time we'll be there so make sure to keep those in mind and we'll see you next time so thank you very much for your time and I appreciate a lot of your time and I'm really happy to have you here and I appreciate your time and I appreciate your time and I appreciate the opportunity to be here and we'll see you next time so I'll see you next time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda. And this other kind of approach, practical approach, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF where we merged the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The IESG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the Art AD, but you're also the Shadow Sec and Wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the end of the year. And I think that's a really good way to kind of get a sense of what's going on. intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The IESG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So Ori, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways. But Paul, first up, I want to say thank you for being a colleague and a great partner. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks, Пол. This was an opportunity to kind of speculate around if there is an indigenous bean saying don't plug on to me.Matt, thank you. Thank you. And thank you for challenges and value you've proved yourself. So I just really want to take some words from an audience, but I want to say a bit about the discussion about paid boarding that this industry such as our community is in. publicly 직접 working through an institution like this. like You don't need my stars to call our people to a place with a slammed door. We been building neo wool in food Riglaş My Snitch forces for safe gaps since 2019. You just need somebody to back us up and take advantage of the project. And don't forget This is not just a air raid. Because at a time of ETS, we had fabric video diversity가지고.com has a super processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you out there. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition, if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to get us started. Okay. Hi, everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming Art AD. Andy Newton, Art AD. Ort Steele, outgoing Art AD. Roman Danilio, Gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming Int AD. Eric, your turn. I'm going Int AD. Sorry. So Eric, the other ongoing Int AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be Int AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of Ops AD. Jim Gishard, Routing AD. Ketan Talawlikar, Routing AD. Kintan Vandervelde, outgoing. And incoming Routing AD. And Momonou Kader, Ops AD. Doug Cooley, Sec AD. Chris Anasio, Sec AD. Paul Waters, outgoing Sec AD. Drogdhody, incoming IAB Chair. Mike Bishop, with AD. Gaurik Fahest, Routing AD. And I'm going to be the first to be on the stage. So I'm going to be the first to be on the stage. Mike Bishop, I'm going to be the first to be on the stage. So I'm going to be the first renewing AD for WIT. Tommy? Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB Chair. Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB Chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. So about 13 minutes left. And we're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay, so the mic line is open. Questions for the IASG. If you're on the Routing AD, waiting for a mutual announcement. こう est ekite maBN It allows for modifications. If you are on a Routing AD call or text message about as part of your ESG plan received for the International Heaven ones, get overwhelmed and stay حrust. Pete, I see you're in the queue. In the chat. Thank you for the question. You can continue. one wants to be first, I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer, but I don't know. I don't think we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. If they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. I was wondering if you all would be on board in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs taking on something like that? I realize that means I probably should be. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Was I Normally with somebody likeério? But if it's you, thank you. Okay. Thanks. I think there are probably some questions that were, if they've asked questions Hi, I'm and love on this with fermo and orz. Actually, I've attendedος feedback videos in motion. And which opportunities have you put in place that we can take questions to fund with the Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? We've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that, but I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress, and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up. Realizing that the dispatches are kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agent API situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created and in fact is good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. We are not. So that's a lot of time that we lost. So I think that's a good point. Thank you. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do, okay. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So thank you. So I would say we've heard from multiple angles, I know like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And I think that's a good point. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in tightly bound charters and what is the approach to on ramp it in there. The boff that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of I'm sure many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash offsite about how to convert the energy. Not just in AI inside meetings into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim boffs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca previous R&AD helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting inside meetings, would like to do. I'm happy to make use of. I volunteer my two fellow R&ADs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, Rory. So I cannot do that for you. I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So. So I had the first meeting on this week, thanks to Adrian and the team on the catalyst. Great job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24th. In 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignment, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. And time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side, on the bottom up approach and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. To solve the problem. To solve the AI problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations and open source to kind of get us there. Okay. Thank you. So Ai-jen, you're next in the queue. Yeah. I'm from . I have a similar concern for the working of AI. I'm a tech engineer. I'm a tech engineer. I'm a tech engineer. I'm a tech engineer. In this meeting, theolt process is completely different. Theasstank is under the control of high-tech writers. Even if I work with these In, you know, Fargo again is a hot topic in we fail to encourage AI to be fully funded. Interestor it's an open space place. Instead of� Civ Bigоч or other companies for one only Hoje is necessary to determine quickly what to control and how to put forward this work in a more formal manner. and there's okay. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said prior, the Catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we wanna bring in are intersections of the existing work that we, of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke, contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I'm in Tokyo. I'm in Tokyo. I'm in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the, I'm conscious probably more than most people how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF, but I think we're drifting away from some of the things we were trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter-programming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to, really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with anything else, but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users, the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I happen to be chair of the MOQ now. My work group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this, but I think it's a good way to wrap up. I think it's a good way to wrap up. It's a good way to wrap up. I think it's a good way to wrap up. But I just want to leave the comment with the IHG. Let's try to preserve that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross-area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we, of course, have ended up with a federated approach. We're not going to have a teaming up where certain areas are teaming up together, like SEC, WIT, and ART, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Okay, next up, Roberta, you're next. Hi. Hi. I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could use to build a more robust AI system. I think that it's really important for us to have some kind of foundation that could enter information, like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work specifically that would be the non-working groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the, you know, some of the terms that has connection with it. For example, for agentic AI agents and AI itself, where would be the place for we to put this? Would maybe information related to how agents work and that part of, you know, the foundational models, those kind of information that might make difference for the way that people do drafts? Is there a place that we can, you know, join information and do some, maybe a state of art of some of the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it? I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture. But if you're asking for what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF, I think the answer would be to produce an ID, an Internet draft, and kind of write that down and update it periodically. And so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. Thank you. And on the same topic, if you allow me to add, even if you talk to one area director, he can easily refer you to others. Right. And I've done it multiple times. DM is in art. He started in AIM, for instance. Right. So it's quite common. We talk to each other. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line. Empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? Pausing. Waiting. James. James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback. I think we have a hot mic. James, we okay. You have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, ISG, thank you. And we'll move to the next of our open mics. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while Roman is on the microphone. And I will ask them to make their way to the mic and talk to the audience. Let's see if they can hear me. If they can hear me, I'm sure we can. Oh, there's this little voice. I'm sorry. Okay. There it goes. Okay. Okay. While Roman and I are remote, I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats. Great, thanks. I think we are ready. Do you wanna do a quick introduction please on stage, starting with George? George Michelson, LLC board. Montalo Camarillo, LLC board. Jay Daly, ITF executive director. Then we have you, Roman. Roman Dinello, LLC board. And Miriam Kuna, LLC board. I see a list of people in the queue. So Rahul, go first, please. Oh, camera's facing the wrong way. Doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the in-person fee waiver. I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the process is as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences than rather than us who are living in Asia, because even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India, I need to travel to China, I need a visa. And that process takes easily one to two months. So, I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but I think it's a good idea. And for that reason, last, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous IETF. I had explained that the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me in advance itself that it's not possible for you to make that decision? Unfortunately, I basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last minute travel because even last minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me are going to have to come to IETF. I'm been bringing work consistently to IETF. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the Global South can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF, when they learned of a similar situation, actually did move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So let me take that question, Miriam, because this isn't an LLC matter. This is the IETF chair matter. So yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. You're exactly right. The IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach for the things giving out by the IETF chair is one month out and that's largely historically been done to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long-term kind of sustainment and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF is run. So there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for why those fee waivers are handed out. But your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa, have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges. So it may take time for that paperwork to, you know, process. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And I won't commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches. One to continue doing it as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage the, to do an early tranche of approvals, because I do, I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after typically meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So stay tuned around. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Mark. Hi, I'm Mark Nottingham. So in the presentation, we said the secretariat contract is still being renegotiated. And I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. It looks really unlikely that it will work this time, but we really got the expectation that we would have togre � No, we know that most people will renegotiate. Just saying this to make sure, it was really much longer than what I expected, but we are working on. We are within theチャンネル. We were just entering it into a mistake Приang copy. And this is to make sure that everything we put there doesn'tendeu. Was, because theэ next up is andrew hi good morning hopefully uh good evening rather hope you can hear me um i just want to say i was in the uh ican meeting in mumbai last week uh which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue ican's agenda is probably similarly complex to the itfs uh yet from my perspective the meeting worked very well so i just wanted to urge um the uh to consider uh india um as a future venue i think it'd be excellent for us to go there and ican has proven it's easily possible to do so thank you yeah thanks for that feedback andrew that's good to hear uh pete hi um in the past a couple of weeks actually once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session jay has made some comments which at least are interpretable as the itf llc is the itf for some of us old crusty folks that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world that the sdo is completely independent of theругian police who are hitting these in the government um practice as you might now have to declare and the thew nationwide Procuracy Board zoning� Redited Audomnibogramsogyr.如 of the LLC is sort of part of the charter of the LLC, that there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the IETF, as far as I know, the IETF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper, or if I'm missing something. Yeah, thanks for bringing this up, Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there is any confusion. I don't know, Jay, if you want to comment on that, but I don't think we would say the LLC equals the IETF. Yeah, so to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the IETF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the IETF LLC is constructed to at times be the LLC, sorry, to at times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the IETF, then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up. And it will not be on behalf of those, because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the IETF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The IETF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role, and at times in that role, it has to be the IETF. The other one I gave you, for example, was the IETF LLC. It's a very important part of the IETF. It's a very important part of the IETF. It's the trading name that the IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF of things. So what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation. And to say that that nuanced view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem... The problem I have... The problem I have is if the IETF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason, I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the IETF. The IETF, the SDO is those 7,000 individuals. Now, I don't know how a court deals with that. I don't know how the court deals with that. I don't know how the court deals with that. I don't know how the court deals with that. I don't know how the court deals with that. I don't know how the court deals with that problem. But at least within the community, there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF, the SDO. And if for purposes of contracting and other things, a DBA does not bother me. If the IETF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing business as the IETF, whatever. Okay. That's a business relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO, I think is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. Well, thanks for pointing this out, Pete. Yeah. I don't know how to respond to this at this stage. I wasn't in there when the comments were made. But yeah, we'll discuss this and how to make sure to not come across as confusing, apparently. Thanks. Jean? Hi. Thanks. Jean-Francois. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with the visas. Jean-Francois. Jean-Francois. Jean-Francois. Jean-Francois. Jean-Francois. Jean-Francois. Jean-Francois. Jean-Francois. So I think this is a very difficult topic. I'm just asking because it's been a long time since we were able to come here as fellows. And unfortunately, we just got their approval two days too late corresponding to their flights. That's nobody's fault. I mean, it's just the way it goes. I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how it would apply to visa. So what we discovered that we ourselves. we ourselves, that's our fault, we did not pay attention to, the Chinese New Year was right in the middle. So for 10, 12 days the embassy was closed in Delhi and that just delayed the whole thing. What would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and decent time to get the visas done, because of that closure it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that was ever a part of the thinking process and if not, would it be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations, just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get on the way? Yeah, thanks, John. I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist for the meeting, for the planning, but it's a good point. It's probably not always going to be possible to add this into the planning cycle, but it's definitely something we can take into account. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Who's next? Eric. Hi. So there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting about the suitability of this venue and whether people would be able to attend. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in, the majority of the participants were remote and also a huge fraction of leadership, including by my count, the majority of the IESG and the IAB are remote. Do you have any comments? Do you have any comments about... What? What? Exactly. About the suitability of this venue in light of those facts. Well, I can point you to Roman's statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and onsite compared to other meetings. And I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to work really well actually, especially also for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation in remote. I would notice. Yes, including myself and I'm participating remotely. This is not the only ITF I'm not participating in person. I mean, so I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean, there are a lot of people onsite, especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems to have worked out well. I don't know if there are any other questions. I think we're good. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And now let's hear from Aaron from Liechtenstein for two minutes. You're Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hi, everyone. This is Aaron from Liechtenstein here for another talk here in New York 건강. Andrew and Mrs. emptiness as diversity has also 개선했지만 actuality, we areils Mm mm mm asо no a, bur, char gauat dé, jean. on said approval and a number of parties, at least on the ISG, I won't speak for the other leadership bodies, where we're not approved and this is what that turnout looks like. We're waiting from the ISG side at least, we are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on what was the experience of all the participants. In particular, we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey. So we are gonna have some, as an after action, some perspective on what those experiences are. From the very kind of quick looks we had, participation may also be uneven, kind of across areas about how much remote and is on site, but it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see any on the stage. Next up, Rahul again. Yeah. So building on my question, as well as Jean-Francois' question, is there any long-term consideration by IETF on the venue based on visa requirements? Because just for example here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen, but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. And I understand that, but I don't think that's the case. I understand that the host would have some considerations, but in general, in the long-term, and again, Bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah, I mean, it's you're very hinted. I mean, we are also dependent on the host to a certain extent and, you know, finding venues. And so, you know, we have a lot of discussions about the visa requirements, but I think it's important to make sure that we are kind of distributing the pain, if you will, and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas go to other countries. So in this case, you know, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate. And so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people, you know, gets hit by difficulties each time. But yeah, I hear you. It's difficult to find the perfect venue for in that respect. In that respect. No other comments from our side, I think on that. No. Yes. Hi Miriam. It's strange to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment, but I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the no visa, and all of that was extremely good. And frankly speaking, it's delightful. My first time in Shenzhen, I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right? Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that. And we are going to see why. What happens in November? I'm really curious, but we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous path for the IETF to continue in this direction. So that's one comment I would like to make. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work. And I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on Pete's comments. I think Pete's made a very good comment. And I think it's a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides. And we should be very, very clear on the demarcation that he mentioned. Thank you. Thanks, Arnaud. Jason. Hi, Jason, living good. This is in response to Pete's question. Now, I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is, because I wasn't in any of those meetings when I heard things say. But I would encourage people to reread RFC 8711, pretty straightforward. And section 4.3, the LLC is established to provide administrative support to the ITF, has no authority over the standards development activities of the ITF. And it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting, fundraising, like fundraisers and so on, compliance in its legal home. So it was the case, way before, that we had a lot of issues. And I think that's a good point. I think the thing that's important to note is that there was a case way back before the IASA 2 activity that the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established that there would be a separation between the standards development activities, which are independent and operated by the ISG. you know so on and so forth then you had this legal structure so the docs are pretty clear but i'm not clear on whatever the questions were might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion and happy to help because unfortunately i think i might have been involved in some yes thanks jason thanks for clarifying this and yes you've done a tremendous job in your term on the llc board thanks for pointing to that rfc um are there any comments from and you're us on stage no seeing none um next up is vittorio hi vittorio bertola i didn't plan to come at the mic but i i did want to offer a different perspective to what echo said i think that having and also to some of the comments i've read in the chat i mean i think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing so even if it means that regular summit many regulars have remote actually i think this is really important to have a meeting with a large number of people and i don't think it's a negative thing i think we have to be careful about what happens if we don't have a meeting with a large number of people which is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the itf all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places it is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting to come at least one one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue and it is up to us not up as meaning the and and to this extent i mean to a certain extent it was i mean in multiple sessions i saw drafts represented by newcomers being met with their usual unfortunately attitude by itf regulars so like i mean condescending or outright hostility or just to a way so i this is i i know the itf has been putting effort in this and changing this kind of attitude but it's still there and this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions so in the end yes it's also said honestly that there are so many members of the leadership here i'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here but the fact that we had the largest meeting idea of the itf ever and possibly the meeting with the so little that maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever is something we have to think about i think i'm sure that all of you made all the possible efforts to be here in person but still the result is uh not satisfying what you talked about they didn't really have it this was the case not for us that was at all very uh vital so we want to answer those questions ignoring or suppressing any<|pl|> new initiatives so i hope we are in a position to have more time mm because i of course will pass it on to daniel and to the � and helena pedestrian city board so using share of that olmas<|sn|> is throughout the city have similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in San Francisco. And there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks. It's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go. We need to just suck it up, okay? Just let the process run. We need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here. And not beat up everyone, unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go that is gonna meet all of the requirements. And it's gonna allow this regular change of venue so that things are convenient for different people in different continents. We just need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you, thanks for that comment. Roberta? Hey folks, I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to United States. Because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in United States, you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have like a some kind of support for people that are going over there, that are afraid. Because it's for any reason why, right, I used to be an ethical hacker. So I got some person of interest at least going on. So I wanted to ask, do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the United States? And what are you planning as the country is, as a whole, to do that? as the country is on war right now, right? So how is going to be the support for attendees? Yeah, thanks for bringing this up. I know people are concerned. We discussed this before and similar to this meeting, I believe it's for everybody's individual to decide what the risks are and if you can make it or not. I'm not aware, Jay, I don't know if you want to comment on that, if we can provide any legal support for individuals. I don't think we've done that in the past, at least. Roberta, no, unfortunately, that's not something we can do. It's too expensive, the liability is unlimited. It really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves. My biggest concern is that, you know, during the visa, the process might be everything okay, and then we arrive over there and I have some instances of friends that have been detained. And sometimes it's not, you know, just to go back home is to answer over there. It's more if we risk it, the organization might at least know that we are there, you know, but thank you. We are effectively a business conference in terms of visas. And if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming, sorry, coming to the US for that purpose, not going to work or anything like that, then, you know, there are very, in fact, I'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country, not, you know, people coming to this sort of thing. So I, I thank you for the comment, but actually I have some instances because of, you know, that con and everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry, but thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Warren Kamari, I think I'm next. Just a quick fall on from what Anand said. I found this to be a great venue. Everything's worked really nicely. People have been great. Yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa, but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries. So we have a lot of people, participants from China. This, I think, is the right thing to do and good on us. Thanks, Warren. Martin. Hi. So I'm not sure that the LSA board has really listened to the community when it comes to either China or the US. And I would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with as one of the factors in making a decision. And I think that those people who have suggested otherwise are denying reality to some extent. So I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard. And think about it. Think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. If people are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people who turned up in person this time, if those people continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point. But yeah, I don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that. Nope. Ben? Hi there. Is my media working now? Yes. That's an excellent prelude to what I'm about to say. So I wanted to push back on Arnaud's point that this is about geopolitics. I actually come on every day. I'm not sure if you can see me. I'm not sure if you can see me. I'm not sure if you can see me. I'm not sure if you can see me. I'm pretty sure. That's okay. There's the question. There's come to the opposite conclusion of Martin about politics being important. I think the IESG and the LLC were correct in their you know, discussion of with community about this leading up to the selection that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right lodestar to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time. I I see. I see that. our work more and more um i think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world um the regulatory uh impositions we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique uh in uh if you look at a global context so i would encourage uh the iesg and the llc to take a careful and close look uh in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced um and to take that into account um as you look at future venue selections uh whether uh the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective uh with the venues we select yeah thanks for the suggestion um which should we do definitely i'm doing that like without any other venue that um we're going to things um so miriam if i might on that particular kind of topic uh richard you highlight uh you highlight kind of a good point which is that uh about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges and is there after any meeting a learning learning experience on you know is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future so i would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to gen dispatch tomorrow we have a draft being presented on the topic of network requirements and if we if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network kind of for the meeting this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like so please come to that that discussion the llc i think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus uh the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria and thanks for the plug for for my draft room um i wanted to flag that a bit more broadly though for for the uh iesg and llc right the the question was uh is there a way to make sure that the venue selection criteria is consistent with the venue selection criteria and i think that's a good answer um i think that's a good answer um i think that's a good answer um i think that's a good answer um i think that's a good answer um i think that's a good answer um i think that's a good answer to the llc and to the iesg will this meeting be effective right there was a proactive uh prediction that you guys were asked to make and so i think as you're having board meetings iesg retreats things like that i think it would be useful for you these are bodies in you know internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turned out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future yeah thanks um for that addition um tony hi tony lee i'm an american uh the way the united states government is operating right now um the itf cannot protect anyone the government is running around basically bands of thugs and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objection to and so i think this is a good idea to do that so i think the idea is to make sure that they're not going to be a threat to the community and to the community and to the community itself uh should this change for their safety our culture our behavior our lifestyle our so uh um i think it will be good thinking about the yeah i agree we callhyun yeah um and he just said um certainly the koronavirus vibes are maggots um if there is any potential the crazy uh undefended but um things that they're trying Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. Then I see one more. Benjamin? So as a new participant in meetings with the IETF, the one thing that I have learned is, at least from many of you, is that work at the IETF happens on the mailing list. So to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting, and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this venue choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks, Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. We're a little over time. So I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around, and have a great evening there, if you're there in person. Miriam, before we sign off, Jay, do you want to repeat the social-focused activity tonight with the light show that you sent out to the community? This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CN Nika Huawei. This will be starting at 8pm for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city centre as a welcome to the IETF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the Civic Centre, where there will be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock, it's about a 10-15 minutes walk. You should see you all there. Jay? Jay? Jay? Is there another question? I guess not. The microphone is off. So... By the way, we have provided lots of social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take any one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know, I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I'm not sure what I should say. I just don't. You can do this, but... Yeah, you just do this. You can put it to me, you know, and you just save all the auto- individuelles people. Well, we're all folding up together and I guess... We call that the"... No. We think it's... When the speediwinining ook! We think it's kind of like... Okay. And then suddenly... Yeah. What was that just like? Like howpleh. Yeah, yap. Yeah, it's opleh zle incredible. And I don't know was that actually... Thank you. Thank you.