extended key usage job we're proposing The implication for the testers and here this is a bit of a controversy and attestation key The authors feel like it must be used by a tester to only digitally sign the evidence, but it was raised in Montreal that we might want to create a CSR for that key so this key might be used to sign something other than evidence So we've put a should in here And the implication for the cryptographic modules obviously the modules need to provide the appropriate service you know, accomplish the recommendation proposed in the spec So, we've updated the document We're coming back. We would like to ask for adoption. We have a we have a draft right now as far as of the rats, which is evidence and coding for HSMs, would be dependent on this EKU So the work is split between the two groups as the EKUs are really a LEMS concern and the the evidence encoding is really rats concern So that's it for me These are the pointers if you want to find the work I'm ready to entertain questions Go ahead Mike Hi um J i got a chance to talk with Jp for an hour um last nweek and i actually think a draft like this is necessary the problem wiht the current draft from my point of view is that its heavily ratified as the opposed to being PX. Um there are a number of things that are in there that are problematic when you are just trying to look at getting a key enroleld by a CSR you know getting somebody whose look at a certificate to do something nuseful with it. Its perfectly for rats ot say what they want to do on the rat side and it's perfectly fine for the CSR or for other htings to do what they want to do with respect to that usage.m its probably not appropirate to go down one path in this document and that basically eliminates other paths um theres a couple other things that are actually technical that needs to be fixed um related ot how you actually do attestation Signatures ar eone way but there's also proof by description which is used in a couple of other system So i don't want to eliminate htose and iw ant to make sure that we don't prevent those from going in that space and there's a bunch of other little things but again that's where i am going with this. Thank you mike ill express my opinion on whether to rats or not to rats The point about not overly ratzing, I think, sustained on the CSR a test document, but this EKU document is attempting to register an EKU for the wire format that we're specifying in the Rats working group This is a subordinate document to a rats working group document. So I don't understand the objection to ratifying a thing that is subordinate to a rat's thing Over I think Michael's got a reply Yeah, and I don't understand that is a document that is marking a certificate that says, the certificate contains a key that can be used for It's not the key in this is a particular type of attestation that's something different if you want to do that as an EKU something you create over and rant, perhaps this was supposed to be a more general general than I, at least that's the way I understood time the first time it came around so If making this EKU specific to the P-KICS Evidence ASN1 structure that we're defining in Rats would make the objections go away could consider doing that to talk to my go authors, to me that would seem like a friendly suggestion What do you mean by that So if we say this EKU means that the attester will produce the Pek's evidence structure see Rats document Rather than to that case in in that well just put the EKU as part of the rats work No, Rats doesn't issue EKU use lamps does that's why we have two documents Like the EKU registry is owned by LAMPS. have to do that here here. OK what i thought we were doing i thought we were just just getting an EKU for our rats thing i didn't realize we were trying to boil the ocean let's go with Victor just a quick sanity check This can use only for the identity certificate, right? It's not expected to appear in intermediate or root c that is that is correct yes uh because i've already run into issues with dice where they've specified various ECUs as mandatory and intermediate dice certificates, and this is not causing real problems So I want to sure we don't run into that here Yes, they have four different EQUs and there are used at various stage of the life cycle of device yeah that's why i'm trying to that's why i'm not trying to touch those at all yeah so, fiction, sure I understand you properly, your suggestion is this should be only for EEs, not for CAs. Right Absolutely Otherwise, expect lots of problems and pain. Great, wonderful feedback. Thank you What, sure Richard. We cannot hear you We're not hearing you about, sorry about that He came to lamps because you wanted something in this particular OID arc. We don't care about OID arcs, right? Is this going to be a random string of bytes. Just do it all in rats I don't think rats has no idea irk well then do it in somebody's private enterprise OID arc. I mean, really it's it's they're opaque I think they could even do a coordination with us and get it in their document Yeah, just do it there i mean if this is designed for that 