the extended key usage that we're proposing, the implication for the attesters. And here, this is a bit of a controversy, an attestation key, the authors feel like it must be used by an attester to only digitally sign evidence. But it was raised in Montreal that we might want to create a CSR for that key. So this key might be used to sign something other than evidence. So we've put a should in here. And the implication for the cryptographic modules, obviously the modules need to provide the appropriate service to accomplish the recommendation proposed in the spec. So we've updated the document. We're coming back. We would like to ask for adoption. We have a draft right now. Speaker 1 Speaker 2 Speaker 3 Speaker 4 Speaker 5 Speaker 6 Speaker 4 Speaker 4 Speaker 7 Speaker 9 Speaker 10 Speaker 11 Speaker 12 Speaker7 Speaker 8 Speaker 10 Speaker 13 Speaker 14 Speaker 15 Speaker 19 Speaker 21 Speaker 22 Speaker Dash Speaker 23 Speaker 24 Speaker 27 Speaker 28 Speaker 30 Speaker 31 Speaker 31 Speaker 23 Speaker 27 Speaker 29 Speaker 28 Speaker 30 Speaker 31 Speaker 24 Speaker 5 Speaker 1 Speaker 5 Speaker 27 Speaker 24 Speaker 3 Speaker 1 Speaker 4 Speaker 5rust I'm ready to entertain questions. Go ahead, Mike. Hi. I got a chance to talk with JP for about an hour last week, and I actually think a draft like this is necessary. The problem with the current draft, from my point of view, is that it's heavily ratified as opposed to being PK. There are a number of things that are in there that are problematic when you're just trying to look at getting a key enrolled by a CSR, getting somebody who's looking at a certificate to do something useful with it. It's perfectly fine for rats to say what they want to do on the rat side, and it's perfectly fine for the CSR, or for other things to do what they want to do with respect to that usage. It's probably not appropriate to go down one path in this document that basically eliminates other paths. There's a couple other things that are actually technical that need to be fixed related to how you actually do attestation. Signatures are one way, but there's also a number of other ways that you can do attestation. There's a couple other ways that you can do attestation. There's a couple other ways that you can do attestation. There's also proof by decryption, which is used in a couple of other systems. So I don't want to eliminate those, and I want to make sure that we don't prevent those from going in that space. And there's a bunch of other little things, but again, that's where I'm going with this. Thank you. Thank you. Mike? Thank you. Thank you. I'll express my opinion on whether to rats or not to rats. The point about not overly ratsing, I think, was sustained on the CSR attest document. But this EKU document is attempting to register an EKU for the wire format that we're specifying in the rats working group. This is a subordinate document to a rats working group document. So I don't understand the objection to rats working group. I think it's ratifying a thing that is subordinate to a rats thing. Over. Thank you. I think Michael's got a reply. Yeah, and I don't actually understand that. This is a document that is marking a certificate that says the certificate, contains a key that can be used for attestation. Period of mistake. It's not the key in this is a particular type of attestation. That's something different. And if you want to do that as an EKU associated with something you create over in rats, perhaps. But this was supposed to be a more general purpose than I, at least that's the way I understood it the first time this came around. So. This is the homework. And it's just kind of just an assembly log in this rule. You stress, make bits on it and write about 大小的 fit forガ ciao and then this goes back and in will be Har 접 And this will go back to Julian else, And this will go back and and pose, And this will go back and wrong al partisans And this will go back and in will be harさ There are lots of there's lots of forms that we know that are not there are lots of possible ways but reasons for doing things the law does not correct it There are lots of possible ways that we can think about if, that there's a way to do it better or it'll be minor basis, But of course, we're just generally saying that we're actually saying that there's a different way to actually deal with that. There's so many ways to do things like that that we don't know.