I think it's then the key usage that we're proposing. The implication for the testers and here, this is a bit of a controversy. An attestation key, the authors feel like it must be used by a tester to only digitally sign the evidence. But it was raised in Montreal that we might want to create a CSR for that key, so this key might be used to sign something other than evidence. So we've put a shoot in here and the implication for the cryptographic modules. Obviously the modules need to provide the appropriate service to accomplish the recommendation proposing the spec. So we've updated the document. We're coming back. We would like to ask for adoption. We have a draft right now as far as the of the rats, which is evidence encoding for HSM's, which would be dependent on this EKU. So the work is split between the two groups as the EKUs are really a lamps concern and the the evidence encodings really rats concern. So that's it for me. These are the pointers if you want to find the work. I'm going to do to entertain questions. Go ahead, Mike. I got a chance to talk with J.P. for about an hour last week. last week and actually think a draft like this is necessary the problem with the current draft my point of view is that it's heavily rat rat to side as opposed to being p-kicks. There are a number of things that are in there that are problematic when you're just trying to to look at getting key enrolled by a CSR. But getting somebody who's looking at a certificate to do something useful with it. It's perfectly fine for us to say what they want to do on the rac side. And it's perfectly fine for the CSR or for other things to do what they want to do with the resources that usage, it's probably not appropriate to go down one path in this document and basically eliminate other facts. There's a couple of things that are actually technical that need be fixed related to how you actually do act as station. So even the choose are one way, but there's also three by the encryption which is used in a couple of other systems. So I don't want to eliminate those and I want to make sure that we don't prevent us from going in that in that case. And there's a bunch of other little things. But again, that's why I'm going with this. Thank you. Mike? I'll express my opinion on whether to rats or not to rats. The point about not overly ratsing, I think, was sustained on the CSR test document. But this EKEU document is attempting to register an EKEU for the wire format that we're specifying in the rats working group. Like, this is a subordinate document to a rats working group document. So I don't understand the objection to ratifying a thing that is subordinate to a rat's thing. I think Michael's got a reply. Yeah, and I don't actually understand that. This is a document that is marking a certificate that says the certificate contains a key that can be used for active stations, period of the state. It's not the key in this is a particular type of active station. That's something different. And if you want to do that, and the meKU associated with something you create over a ramp perhaps. But this was supposed to be a more general purpose than I at least had to let Andrew set it. The first time this came around. So, if making this EQ use specific to the P-Kicks, as the world will succeed.