the extended key usage that we're proposing, the implication for the attesters. And here, this is a bit of a controversy, an attestation key, the authors feel like it must be used by an attester to only digitally sign evidence. But it was raised in Montreal that we might want to create a CSR for that key. So this key might be used to sign something other than evidence. So we've put a should in here. And the implication for the cryptographic modules, obviously the modules need to provide the appropriate service to accomplish the recommendation proposed in the spec. So we've updated the document. We're coming back. We would like to ask for adoption. We have a draft right now. Speaker 1 Speaker 2 And also, if you have questions, Russians can still here for the discussion and we'll be happy to answer them later. Oh, I love that. Speaker 1 Okay. So now we're going to see, and here we didn't say a lot, but this is it for my two main questions for today. The other Kirchhoff questions might have on the question is this, I, if the information remains feedback-based, what would the puerta do if it jewel pointing E? Speaker 2 We might want to talk about the 141 and C first worlds and rules on. Speaker 2 Only issues for this about a conference and about algorithmic implementation would be helpful. Speaker 1 So let's go to... Again next slide, please. I'm ready to entertain questions. Go ahead, Mike. Hi. I got a chance to talk with JP for about an hour last week, and I actually think a draft like this is necessary. The problem with the current draft, from my point of view, is that it's heavily ratified as opposed to being PQ. There are a number of things that are in there that are problematic when you're just trying to look at getting a key enrolled by a CSR, you know, getting somebody who's looking at a certificate to do something useful with it. It's perfectly fine for rats to say what they want to do on the rat side, and it's perfectly fine for the CSR, or for other things to do what they want to do with respect to that usage. It's probably not appropriate to go down one path in this document that basically eliminates other paths. There's a couple other things that are actually technical that need to be fixed related to how you actually do attestation. Signatures are one way, but there's also... There's also proof by decryption, which is used in a couple of other systems. So I don't want to eliminate those, and I want to make sure that we don't prevent those from going in that space. And there's a bunch of other little things, but again, that's where I'm going with this. Thank you. Thank you. Mike? Thank you. Thank you. I'll express my opinion on whether to rats or not to rats. The point about not overly ratsing, I think, was sustained on the CSR attest document. But this EKU document is attempting to register an EKU for the wire format that we're specifying in the rats working group. This is a subordinate document to a rats working group document. So I don't understand the objection to... Ratsifying a thing that is subordinate to a rats thing. Over. I think Michael's got a reply. Yeah, and I don't actually understand that. This is a document that is marking a certificate that says the certificate... contains a key that can be used for attestation. Period. I'm just saying. It's not the key in this is a particular type of attestation. That's something different. And if you want to do that as an EKU associated with something you create over a rat, perhaps. But this was supposed to be a more general purpose than I... At least that's the way I understood it the first time this came around. So... Yeah. That's it. ... If making this EKU specific to the PQIC's evidence... Seems like a... So if you want to check it more in the next few terms, I'm keeping in my bank- Flashback Point Buy Please Thank Terrific Rats Loadingapons Morant Rats Test the Chinese client's... Out chromosomes