Well, good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us from remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of ITF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman Denilue and I'm chair of the ITF. slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the ITF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines in addition to things like our ITF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Okay, I'm seeing it as well. There's latency of times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First we're gonna open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are gonna have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're gonna hear from the ITF Trust. And after that is gonna be the ITF Administration LLC report and we always have time at the end for the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community, ask questions of the different leadership bodies. This year, the this time we're meeting the order is going to be the IAB, the ISG and then the ITF LLC. Next slide please. So before we get started, I wanted to give a a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of pure on site like the secretary it, the meet echo team, the knock team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. Big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that pushed the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the codepoint assignments as quickly as possible. So we arrive at the meeting, we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just want it again, publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Thank you. Thank you. Well, thank you for that. So next, I would invite to the stage, Mr. She and Kai, the deputy director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. DUNMI can meet you. Thank you very much. Since tomorrow Programming with new technologies must create an integral in energy, Lightness and medium energy Effects, hasмы Nepal AES nap� si I will take you with us using England a utilization- result in their development is only essential to expand to create the performance In early World War 2, we had this effort as aannah, more encouraging쉬 and antibiotic movement. The country has established MTV was great. to serve can hearелен the Communist Party's present and lead to the establishmentㅋㅋ for sheath forestoughingasa Goo Tuan Workingets Harvey and the government. This will be the end of the year. Thank you, everyone. Mr. Xi, thank you for your very kind words. And you're welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade. I now welcome to the stage, Ms. Zhang, Shiyao, the deputy director of CNNIC. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right. So next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here, or additional effects and kind of figures in some recent weeks last month. Please do click on that link that says full report and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen and I wanted to put this all in contact. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've got gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So phenomenal to see the community come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and onsite is within the bands that we've had in historical and historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement that the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look around, You know, you're sitting to your left or two people and you know, one other person to your right. One of those people is new to the ITF unless you are. So one quarter, almost one quarter participants here at the ITF have never been to a meeting before. And we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the ITF, all I can say is welcome, we're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the internet. that please join a mailing list, please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes. And we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna or perhaps in San Francisco, the future venues we have for our readings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participants from around the world and you can see some of the more details statistics here and also equally unsurprising, we have a very, very robust participation from China given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the ISG has issued new statements, and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements was related to an appointment to the ITF Trust and to the IPMC. So first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner who has been selected and we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP-245 moderators and I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. Next slide, please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in Gen affects each and every one of you in in the room because the processes defined in-gen impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in anything related to how IAN and code points are specified here in IETF documents, please join us in the IAN of this working group. If you aspire to tailor, to change, or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the pro-con working group, the process document and consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-GASH W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I talk more about. The Mod Pod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community moderation in the ITF. This was recently approved to realize that and to implement that process. That first step is the ISG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be right those procedures, and then of course execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the ISG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB who is in charge of lays on relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 452 and 453. And they're being actively discussed on the, It appears with lost enrollment if you can stand by for one minute. All right, I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised and so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on architecture discuss to get into the early discussion and we're going to be bringing that into the IITF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank you. So the first I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel and this enables them to be here to sort of the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So, next slide please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie and Cameron. So for those of you who are not aware, definitely currently supports us as the director of meeting operations and sponsorships. But she will be unfortunately exiting from that role. For the last 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now, in so many places around the world, about 54 of those. And that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world in an interoperable kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue in these venues, kind of, can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie, and honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you, thank you so much and you know, best of luck with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much and we have a couple of people. So, next slide, please. I now turn it over to Drudev who congratulations is the new chair of the IAB. Hello everyone, I'm Rob Dhoody and I'm the incoming IB Chair. Next by please. Okay. Yes. So we have the full IB report which you can find on our website as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out those videos as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data track up. We did bunch of outreach activities. This we were at the ICANN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well, Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the Eplicot and Epinec meeting in Jakarta where we talked about what's happening at this idea of meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen. As well as, a Roman was at Vissus plus 20 high level UN meeting where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Doug who will talk about IARTR. Thank you, Dr. Roof. Hello, I'm the coach. I'm the IATF chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So as I had the afternoon, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the young generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training, and so on. So at this meeting, I have received really great support. I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young tenant program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students, he not only this meeting, but also previously. And there is a program in Brazil that bought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far, so they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And the Brazilian's probably be feast stand up so we can see you all. Why come for the right way? So they come all this way to engage with us to meet the experts, to meet the leadership, and I really hope this will be worthwhile. Okay, so in the IRTF, we have 16 research groups at the moment, and 11 of them are meeting this week, so we still have meetings by Crypto Forum, Rask, RG, and NABOL Management management, RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. Then we have the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. That's these two instruments I intended to raise the profile of our community in the Research Committee, Support High Quality Research, and also, yeah, get new ideas, new people in. And A&AW, the workshop is kind of supported by ACM-SICOM and Akamai. And if we do this yearly at our summer ITF meetings, so next one will be in Vienna, ITF for 26. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and the Resh Krishna. Thanks very much for doing the work. The Call for the papers is open, please submit your papers until April 17th. The apply networking research device recognizes the best results in the applied networking from like last year. So what we do is we nominate like top contributions in the of a type networking and then there's this election committee that picks the best ones and this is supported by Isoq, Comcast and NBC Universal and quite often we get really really a top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite current at the moment in the ITF. And so just today in the idea of open, we had two AMRP winners. So we had Tiani Gao and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks and Shangdiya Huang for his work on sending boost in his control for high quality real-time communication. So this week we actually had two IRTF open meetings, so one just before and on Tuesday we had one that was It dedicated on discussing internet working research changes for I. So we know, in many discussions on the broader topic. So we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IRTF in this field. So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering changes. There's a lot of working on academia and conference and so on. you want to figure out, how can we make this useful for our larger community? So invited to really great presentations on different aspects and had good good discussion on potential topics. So what we identified so far was test bits and data sets for reproduced experiments, like the broader distributed system and protocol design for for this good learning and influence platforms, new architectures coming out, new abstractions for collective communications and so on. But also more principle approaches towards age and communication. Also, autopic in all of these side meetings and also above this morning. But so the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of naming identity, trust litigation and also group communication. And yeah, finally, we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from other represented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Komka, Google and Netflix. And yeah, so this time, we had a robust participation from Asia, really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you interested, or you know somebody who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. So thank you. So this is my last report. As the ITF Nomkom chair for this cycle. These were the people of the Nomkom 2526 cycle. Without the members, some of them are here. So these things them. If you see them in the hallway, I see one of my Nomkom members in the Tokyo remote up. So people in Tokyo, thank you also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons, and my advice for a day on. Good. But it's not about us. It's about selection for this event. So we're very happy with the current selection. So we had one selection for the LC board, one for the trust, ITF, trust, and IPMC. Six selection candidates selected candidates for the IB, a tutor, a period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas, candidates in the sign for the period of two years. So I like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term, willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity, of course. That's something that's important to us to our community and also to the NOMCOM. We got a day training this year, like last year, about unconscious bias, etc. that's important. I think that's something that the NOMC offers very aware of, also during the whole process of beef-healing, interviews, and the deliberations. Some highlights here are well, not highlight per se. There's no gender diversity, improved in this cycle. So, we aware of that, we're a consist of that, but of course, we try to improve every year, But this is the observation here. We improved the original diversity. That's a good thing. So different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. So there's a constant improvement here. And we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline, young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. And we also hear that from the community. In every review, all the review, We received thank you, I have community for your refuse, for your feedback on the nominees. It's important and stressed think about new generation, about the next generation leadership. So with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the non-commembers always ask about thinking about your succession. and luckily most of them think about it. And are actually already mentoring candidates for nominees actually for the next non-concycle. And of course, it's up to the non-com in one, two, three, four years to select the nominee. But it's good that we have nominees to select from. So thanks. Yeah, as I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place, but we can always do better. So it's a constant process. Another thing is, well, let's say, learn. The first bullet point is the same as last year and it's the year before. It's a good document. Our RFC AD713, but their in practical situations, it doesn't say anything about new situations or things we haven't thought of. So, well, there's one thing mentioned, The chair can with the NOMCOM always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process and well, and accept it or not expect it situation. So it works. As in the same bullet point here, the NOMCOM process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. And that works also, but and there's now a new point around to work on at least some basic documentation, how the things work, some steps, basic steps, at least how to proceed through the non-common as a chair. And it could also help with the help of, well, kind of, delegating task to the secretary, because more and more tasks are now taken care of the secretary, so it's good to have some documentation. And mostly the practical stuff. That's yeah, and also for myself at least. During the deliberations, I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just to be a simple process, but I was counting the yes and no, it was simple, but yes, maybe no, but it comes more difficult. And then you have all kind of rankings. So for I think for the next year, it's good to have this little bit automated, so it can focus on the process and all the discussions and nothing was uncounting and making amistakes or being corrected for mistakes. And so finally, yeah, some words of things. I want thank you all for the opportunity to be the non-contrast for this cycle. It was very, well, I learned a lot and was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Also the ITF community was very supportive. in the beginning I made some mistakes. And as you are, you are direct to send me an email that I made a mistake. But it was always supportive. People helped me out. So thank you. And also the non-convoting members were very, very dedicated. So also great team. I mentioned that already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chair's advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process. And that's why. It's almost, I get an award for the Oscar, I get in your words with all the things you've got. Good. Before I leave the stage, I want to call out, volunteer for the next cycle of the NOMCOM. It's a lot of work, yes it is. But it's also, you learn a lot of things about the ITF process, about the people in the ITF and its processes. Thank you. Yeah. option Rmpfen. Fibles a robot organ. If that's a normal one, if that's the term. If that's a normal one, if that's a totally sensible question. If that's a totally feasible question, if that's a completely paved-fast, just a clean one. I'm so proud of that. And I was on the ARMCOM and I go, please do the ARMCOM. It's a really great experience. You learn so much. And you meet some great people. Anyways, I'm 1D and I'm the outgoing chair of the IPMC Corporation and the ITF Trust. This is our report to IITappoint25. So, NOM comes to what they do, and the ISG does what it does, and they both appoint people to the ISF trust in the IPFC board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burden who has served us as an ISG F-breedee. Kristen was really helpful. This is a lawyer by Trinity, very helpful, and the restorption we've been undergoing doing the ITF IPFC creation and setups. So thank you very much for Christian for your service. The ITF Trust and the IPFC. Thank you. That is this guy. He's been around for quite a while, and one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the ITF see roles is they are not term limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term limited. We like people stick around the ITF trust to build up an institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever and this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say If you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ICF, this is the great role to apply for in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants and I learned so much by the impart of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it. This coming year with the noncom is a free to another person. So, thank you for Let me be that role. I've really enjoyed it. So we have a new set of directors for the ITF IPMC. A couple of Mark Kering over, but we've got two new ones. Lars Eggert is coming in as is Sean Turner. And we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers. So I like to announce that Wendy's culture is taking on the role of IPMC President. Thank you. Thank you. Sean Turner, I think is in the Tokyo remote, is taking on the role of IPMC treasure, which Wendy is vacated. And Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary. Likewise, the IT trust is in the final throws, but we still need some people around him. close up shop and so the decision was made of the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be Wendy. So thank you Wendy for taking on both roles. So that's the end of the set. Let's talk about what we've been doing. So we'd like to give a report and usually these numbers are zero because trust is set up to be very boring. And when everything's perfect, it's very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensee requests that are above and beyond the normal licensee requests we get. And we have issued one new license it was to the IEEE to use AFN1 module from RFC 9881. So there we got one. The other good news though is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we never, we didn't see anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good way she deal intellectual property assets. So here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia Trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who've been around the ITF for a while, I've been given a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The biolos were updated between when we met in Montreal and now we had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the DCCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets, I can 2016. And we updated the IPMC biolos to recognize the CCGs role with relation to the INSets. So it's probably connects that group with the Bialos, the IPMC operates under. And that was a little for a 60 review. All of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those were on the IPMC website at that URL. This one's big. It's, we've been working for a couple of years down to get this transition done. Last Monday, week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the ITF intellectual property assets for the ITF trust into the ITMC corporation. The ITMC is now doing the work of managing the IT, except for patents. The ITMC is not too patents, for the ITF. And that is a major milestone. So, all your plots of the album is something you meant for that one. But I think this is the major moment with something we're working for years, and I'm super happy we finally got there. And I'll probably done yet though. The INIP, which is trademarks and domain names relating to the INA function, is still in process because we need some signatures as a remincess, establish the role of the ITF Trust, which to the IANA and there's a set of signatures out there for the ribbons on those things. The transfers are given from the ITF trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I be no one who was the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on the behalf of the IAPI ITF. If you're one of the people who were waiting for signatures on signed documents, we'd get nothing done. And some final things Roman mentioned that there's a draft there to update the IETF's documentation because if you look at the iETF documentation it's got the word iETF trust all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the iETF IPMC as the successor to that so that drafts out there in his active. I saw that year off of the IPRWG email list and finally the trust legal provisions which are now becoming the technically legal provisions so we can keep that same acronym are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the IPMC is now the party holding the assets of the ITA. One of the changes there's no legal changes to that document. We're saying terms if your lawyers have approved and like it, they're remaining pieces of two changes though. Since that draft of that document's first written version five, the internal stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream. There's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there'll be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And there'll be published for comment for a third year period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristen. But I think we should also do without going to the ITF Trust. It served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point. I think about $1,200 in the bank. And it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IAT and it work. That's it. And so once those are remains are signed, those things are transferred over. and it doesn't file tax filings, it's done. So I really didn't want to have a hand for the ITF Trust because it has made this what is the ITF functional and it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as ITF trustees. This is an unpaid job, they're all volunteers, they've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do. So it's which is good because they're easy to get sued because they'll drop a no-except. But anyways, for the idea of trust and for all the people volunteer, can I please have a round of applause? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And that is how to contact the IPMC and get more stuff. So thank you for your many years of service and allow me to present you with this plaque. Hello, welcome. My name is Jade Aide. I'm the I-Tep Executive Director. Nice to see so many people in the room. So this is the administrative report for the ITF. And I'll start by thanking our ITF-15 host, CNNIC and our COHOS Schinwire University, the Internet Society of China, CCSA, and the Computer Network Information Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Thank you very much. I also want to thank very much Huawei, our special contributor and social events sponsor. Those of you who came last night to the social event, I'm sure we'll remember that that is the best social event we have had. That was spectacular. Thank you. And then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsors Ed T to our local sponsor APNIC and our local supporters call mail. Thank you. I also want to thank our IATF15 Gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion. Thank you much to Akami and Huawei. And thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for ITF-25. We have Comcast and I can for our diversity and inclusion. We have a ZTE for sustainability. I can and see a Nick for running code and the Nick and Dominette for the open internet. Thank you all very much. And then finally, thank you to our equipment services and collectivity sponsors. Without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the ITF with them we do currently. Thank you very much to all of you. I should particularly like to note China mobile who and China Unicom who have helped very much with this conference. We have staff onsite helping us out with our Wi-Fi which is really going above and beyond. Thank you very much. Every meeting it seems our logos get more and more desirable. So once again I'm happy to tell you we can get our swag from the online store and we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting particularly for those people who go running such as our current ITF chair. So, I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out. We're in building the ITF tools and in running the ITF knock. We rely on multiple people who give their time freely to help that work. So thank you very much for those people. And Rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this, but I think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here. So we have the Secretary at Metaco and the Nock. Thank you all very much for your work. Thank you. Here at ITF-25 we only have a subset of the ITF staff. So I'm on site, clearly. I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers. They are staffing the tools help desk. So please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them. We also have the RPC staff at IITF on to five, Alana, Alice and Sandy here. They are also staffing a disk. So if you have any questions about RPCs, sorry, RFCs or the editing process, please go and speak to them. And we have the full secretariat on site as well. So this is a simple diagram of the current structure of there. So look out for the green tops there, wearing if you need any support, so you then, if you need to speak about anything particular, then please speak to them as well. So finally, on the thanks, thank you to our global hosts. Our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the ITF, and enable us to have the long term stability for our funding that we really need. Thank you very much. APPLAUSE So, IITF126 Vienna. Registrations are open. This will be in July. We are expecting to come. We are just about to sign with the host for the meeting. So, that's good news for us. and I hope very much to see as many of possible of you there. So looking forward to our meetings. We have Vienna coming up and then after that we have I.T.F.127 in San Francisco. And since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced very sign as the host of that meeting. I.T.F.128 in Asia. We are still in the negotiations with. It generally takes us quite some time to negotiate Asian venues. They are more complicated. We often have to use convention centers and us being a US company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship. So that's going ahead. We certainly aim to announce that by Vienna in the possible. IITF-129 Europe that was due to be signed and then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day. So we are just trying to work through that and then we'll be able to announce that hopefully quite shortly. IITF-130 in is now been announced. That's the higher regency van Koova that we've been back to a number of times and we are of course looking for a meeting host of that. IITF-1-3-1 in Asia. We have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues. And we are hoping to, or we're in the negotiations now about that, so that's moving forward. IITF-1-3-2 Europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out. IITF133 is not on here in North America, but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in South America for that. So that's where we currently are with our meetings booking. We're a little bit behind, but we have so many of them quite close that we'll catch up quickly and then we'll be a bit ahead, I think, by the end of this year on meeting bookings. So that's it for me. Thank you very much. I hope you. I hope you can hear me and see me. My name is Miyayem Kuna. I'm the board of the LLC. I'm the chair of the LLC board. That's more correct. I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term studying at this meeting. I think Cindy is going to control my slides so please go on to the next slide. Yes, this is the full board. You can see here I'm Gonzalo and George are there with you in person. And Roman as you saw was online. I'd be on I'm online here and and Joana can't join us for this meeting. But we're all watching. So next slide, please. Yeah, this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the NVIR balance. And I'm not going to go through all the numbers. You can do that in your own time and meaningful transparency. Reasons obviously we put them in your own slide. So they are be published. You see some notes there. So if you go to the next slide, you'll see some explanations. More details can be found over in the financial statements that we publish. every month and then also at the end of the year. Overall, one thing to note here is that there are some like higher numbers as budgeted, so the positive variance is there are mostly comprised of additional endowment contributions, which always will come. I saw matching funds also the annual contributions from ISOC and some unrealized gains from investments that we have and there. So that's good news. So next slide, please. This is some items that the board is currently working on. We're still working on the Secretariat contract we tend to ring that's ongoing. We've published the 2020-26 budget after consultation of the community consultations. So that's on the website. As you've seen, we've been piloted the remote room. We piloted this new feature with remote rooms for ITF meetings. I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions that seems to work really well and so well thanks mostly to LSC staff and they are a great good I think but took the lead for making this possible and then we're going to evaluate my experiences with this and after the meeting and see how we can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual and retreat in April the board retreat with preparing for that to look at like future planning strategy, risk register and other plans that we do in kind on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here, but it's certainly also on our mind, meeting network and meeting locations. I really want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on various lists, specifically also on meeting networks and we're looking forward to get more guidance from me on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF and network that will be discussed tomorrow. I believe in Jen dispatch and then I will see where that goes after that and so yeah please watch that space and contribute to that work. Next slide please. You can also contribute to our work while participating in our board meetings here with monthly board meeting, the dates, they are also on the website and Michelle's secretary She always sends out announcements for the board meetings so they're open to observers At least like when I partially part of the meetings you also have some close sessions with staff and MJ But yes, please join us for these for these board meetings if you have any questions or all contributions to our Next slide please. I think that's about it Yes, you can find a lot more information on the websites from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements and also here are a number of mailing address mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. Appment discusses our generic kind of administrative mailing lists were most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. you Let's distribute. You distribute as well. Well, let's start with thanking now going I.B. members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Column has been no him has fluffy. And I think now I can claim the fluffiest here. Now that he's not on the I.B anymore. Maybe. But seriously, you have been, it's so good to talk to you when you, when we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to the heart of the matter. And with that much clarity of thought, it has been amazing having discussions with you. Maria, you have served a decade on the leadership, at the RIV and ISE, every term with so much dedication, so much hard work, it has been amazing. The things that you have done as the IV chair have such a lasting impact, you have opened the IV, but IV opened the way we do, lazons, the way we even are website revamped. So everything that we think of IV as current has been done under your leadership and it has been amazing. Tommy, on the big screen, always come, collected, always clear and thought, as an IV chair, you'd be went through a transition. We had a bigger geographic and times on dispersion. We had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well, and there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an I.V. we went through a new activities with respect to more active participation at internet governance and new elders, you made sure that each of us at the I.V. felt supported in all the activities that we do. So thank you. And finally, Chen, Chen has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management operations and Yang. And this is, and chin shoulders, the diverse participation matters, having a viewpoint from looking from different areas, from different geography, bringing a different viewpoint to this IB is fundamental. And Chen, you have shown that in your last two terms. So with that, I would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four of the members. For the two outgoing members who are here, we can use a photo opportunity. Naya, can I invite you please? And chin, let's go this way. We won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Colen, but I think maybe somebody can make an AI generated one. And with that, let's do introductions and then we'll do open mic. For introduction, let's start with Jason. Jason, living good, I-B. Mark Narangham, I-B. May your cool event outgoing IB? Sir Ashkushnan IB. Warren Khmeri and the surprising turn of events IB. Yaroslav Rasamachho in coming AB. Through Dodi incoming IB chair. I've got a Rathana IB. In the future in coming IB. The Kucha IRTF chair. Can we have remote folks Ali? Ali? Yes, sorry, sorry. You can hear me now. Hello, this is Ali. Ali Beger, incoming IAB. Thank you. Galen. So, Fluffy, outgoing? Glad that the Fluffyness is remaining on the IP. Thank you. Here we have Jenna or I don't see Jenna, maybe. Map2? Eh, hi, Matthew Botshee, I.A.B. Nick. Nick Sullivan, incoming I.A.B. And Roman, how could we have me say give? I think we can't hear you, Roman. Okay, move on. Open mic questions for Ivy. And somebody will help me with the queue. Okay, here we go. Are not. So congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are leaving. And so we have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by AAB, especially on the years on, I think, Miria and Souresh are working on that one. I think this is pretty good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about liaison. I hope serve for certain areas, the need to improve the collaboration framework. The isons are good, but the are just one part of the equation. We have seen in some areas like GEM between ITF and G17. We started to have the leadership that started to speak to each other and I must say, thank you to Jim Wade, right on the way to him is, but he was the one who pushed us here to do that and that was good. We, however, it's only this week I realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other and not that people don't want it. but people don't know. Not only don't know, but even I don't know. I don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process, tools, et cetera, so that's probably something we should explore. The second thing is that I was approached with a lot of questions after my said meeting. I would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are doing to the IAB, so that we can really intimately understand together. how we work, what could be tangible actions we could do together. Then the next point is about opportunities. There is going to be on the outside a plenty potentiary. That's supposed to be in Doha. We see what happens, but that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions. I want to come back on the workshop on China and protection that the AIB commodes it. Now there is the window, it's likely opened to make a change in this resolution. If you have some desire space on what you're doing now, now is the moment. It never happens in years and you manage to unlock the doors at members' date level. So now they know that they're going to modify it. So if you want to size this opportunity, do it. The last point is about AI. AI, AI. So here, the frustration are the friction of three ideas meetings that each of them have had side meetings, that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream, but I can understand Madrid. OK. More or more. Now again, in fact, this week we did the first official meeting with the both catarist on the Jontikai. So the problem is timing. And so if you move your brain until it was going to happen next and you consider a number of risks, including for some Francisco in November, that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap our sales there. I am doing on my side, three meetings, one plenary and one content leak from now until next July. So it's an offer. I can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the same meetings. Size it, because these will give you input to prepare the July meeting in Vienna. We must have something in concrete in Vienna, because if, conference is quiz, risky that the only moments we can do something. So we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in Vienna. And I will bring all the input to you, let's make it happen. So I know it's also a lot of things. You don't need to answer now, but these are things we can do of finite. Thank you. I'm not letting me tackle just a few points. Very quickly, we'll not go in depth for all of them. With respect to lair zones, I completely agree. The first thing that we have to do is relationship. I think that's when we do best, when we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that. So any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can up to discuss. We can, of course, maybe get some better tooling, which are the way you have that we find people reach out to us, we want to do this better. With AI, the last question, I think I'll leave that to ISE from the IAB side. I think we are watching. We are, we help during the buff preparation with catalysts with other things. So we are watching, but that question specifically with side meeting and everything it's for the ISE. So hold on to that. Remind me any other further to other questions. Thanks, solution. So I too, PPP. So thanks for bringing it up. We have plans to participate. We are discussing this is still a lot of inputs coming in. Let's continue the conversation. Does any other I.B. members want to ask? Yeah, please go. Yeah, I actually appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this forward. And like you are helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups and I too. I think actually that works very well. And it's too sad. Like if you need to improve, we can do that. But I'm actually very positive that I've seen that. So thank you for that. OK. There is one regret I have just that can do that. Tommy and I discussed an idea of a workshop on a JonsiKI. That would have helped remove a lot of hits and get the debates on. We didn't do it. I don't know why that happened. But that's something that I think could have done. in a way, but we have another way we can do it and actually we do for the life. For the liaison piece, in fact, there is something that is simply a lack of practice in terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer early as on statement. Because for us, sometimes, tell us, don't do it. That would help us enormously because until we receive something from the community here saying, I told you, don't do that. I cannot show that to member states. So, they are few simple things that easily, they are shefrox together, we can pass you the message and help you organize that. It's easy. We not take a much time and everybody will be happy. I think we have made a bunch of improvements on that. We have been sending acknowledgments at least and as well as nudging various groups where action is needed. But as we have discussed this multiple times, is just a very different fundamental way that two organizations work. We have to find a middle ground, let's continue to talk. That's what I can offer. Any other? We want more person, but I can see the name. Andrew. I just wanted to see how to run for being really important. I'm just for there working over the last two, three years on outreach. It has made a difference and it has shifted the reputation of the community's significantly in other bodies. So thank you for doing that and please continue. Thank you Andrew. I didn't catch everything but it seemed a little like you were happy so that's good. Anyone else? Otherwise going once, going twice and IG. So I'd welcome the incoming outgoing ISG to the stage. All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISC, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG, you've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda. And this other kind of approach that practical approach get us got us great work in groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement, like BPS where we merge the open source and a community activities with the strengths of what the IETF folks on. The IESG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service and we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is, or the sneer who is the outgoing application in real-time director who served one turn, or he urine a sense, the triple threat. You masquerade it as the RADD, but you're also the shadow second with your deep knowledge of application kind of stats. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The IESG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other the OS and in the open source community. So, Ori really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wutters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So, I can do this a lot of different ways, but you know, Paul first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a second area. So being a secondary AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area, how we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community for your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard which very much help us get things done. So thank you for that and in all sears this thank you very much for your services well Paul. Thank you for all of you outgoing babies. So, Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right, so we have historically had the transition. If we could have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see, it kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen and Charles you're going to get us started. Okay, everyone. I'm Charles Zachall in coming our AD. Andy Newton, uh, already. Or it's still outgoing already. Roman D'Nidue Jen. Tom Jensen in coming into the. Eric, you're too? I'm going in, Tady. Sorry. So Eric, the other, the other ongoing entity, and by the way, stepping down next year. So if you want to receive to be an entity, please talk to me. My head's management side of UpSavvy. cingeesha. kitan balautica Mountain 80 wall will go out and go for a third Qursel naseo. Sachidi How about this outgoing security? Drukhtori incoming IV chair. Mike Bishop with AD. If I have to renew a defu wit. Tommy. Tommy did not have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pauli is the outgoing to be here. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. So the mycline is open questions for the ISG. Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks representing new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments both in the room, and especially on the Zulip chat were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for So, both components and or dispatchers to answer, but I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the buff side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers, but especially in dispatch that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your sort of dispatch groups and buffs taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteer to write some text. Did you just say you're going to volunteer to write some text? So I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need to some another type of a form or something like that, so we should take that and try to work on it. All right, just anyone else from the I.C. Have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that welcome kind of contributions and participation for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatches are kind of a critical mechanism to hack, to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnold, I see you're in the queue as well. Yes, I'm a woman. Just feel as you were not here yesterday. So, as Drouff has sent the question on the critique regarding the way we manage the agente AI situation. So if it would be in most of the group, people would say,, chair was the way forward. And my complainery to be here is that three meetings with three times side meanings at this level of entropy that's created. And in fact, it's good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action, we cannot have consensus, we cannot organize our says, we are not creating shelters, we are not so good. That's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it lives from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that from the leadership here to say, the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do, okay? But I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this, this entrepreneur forever. So, sort. Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles, I know like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. You know, in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the ITF with how we run things in tightly bound charters and what is the approach to un-ramp it, you know, in there the buff that we just had in catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of the future many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISU takes up at its strategy meeting slash cattle offsite about how to convert the energy not just in AI and side meetings into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Dram and I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IITFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim buffs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca previous RAD helps set that up. If that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting and side meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow RIDs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, sorry. So, I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certain new possibility, just as a point of benchmark. And I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we, you we had the first meeting on edge of TKI. This week, thanks to Adrian and the team on the catalyst. Right job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24th. In 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation with structuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. And time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of friction at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not been taken into account. There is a culture issue with people at too much on the engineering side, on the bottom of the proportion. Don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well other SDOs, working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. To solve the AI problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be partnership with many of the other SDAs and professional kind of organizations and open source to kind of get us there. Okay. Thank you. So, I journey your next interview. Yeah, I do not have a problem with my technical. I have the seminar concern for the working of AIG into the ITF. You know, this meeting is about over 60, 70, and I think many of them, many content, many of them content or laptop. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in one more formal manners. Okay. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Cutter, for the feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior. The catalyst buff is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the, out of the side means. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects in intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring in are intersections of the existing work that we, of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like work-earchs. So we should also leverage those processes just because again something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke, a contributor popular belief I'm not in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the, I'm very conscious probably more than most people, the hard it is to schedule all the sessions and ITF, but I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch app all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard, I think pretty quickly we collapse that to, You know, really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with anything else, but really wanted to keep it clear for the power users. The power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I have to be sure they have a moq now. My work group is actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. But I just want to leave the comment with IHG. It was try to preserve that model for dispatch. We really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glam all the areas kind of together. So we of course have ended up with a federated federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like SAC, with and art, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that decontlection. Okay, next up, Roberta, your next time. Hi. Hi. I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information about areas that might not be applyable to the engineering work specifically that would be the non-working groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the terms that has a connection with it. For example, for agent take AI agents and AI itself, where would be the place for a suitable maybe information related to how agents work and that part of the foundation, how models, those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts is that a place that we can join information and do so, maybe a state of art of some of the firms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it. I don't pretend to understand that all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture, but if you're asking for what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the ITF. I think the answer would be to produce an IG and interact and write that down and update it periodically. So you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in your organization. Thank you. Thank you. On the same topic, if you allow me to end, even if you talk to one area director, it can really re-fare you to others. And I've done it multiple times. DM is in art, it's started in inference, right? So it's quite common. We'll show each other. All right. So I'm seeing the Qline empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? on pausing waiting James James we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic I think we have Mike James, we, okay, you have dropped. Okay, any other questions? Okay, in that case, I urge you, thank you, and we'll move to the next of our open mics. Hello, I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's OpenMike and if all is well, George and I will make up their way to the stage. Well, Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Our desk J, I can see you taking seats, taking up your seats. Great. Thanks. I think we are ready. Do you want to do a quick introduction, please on stage. Starting with George. George Michaelson LLC board. On Talokanaridio LLC board. Jay Daley, ITF Executive Director. Then we have you, Roman. Roman Janelio. Oh, Cigord. And me, I'm Kuna LLC board. See, a list of people in the queue. So Rahul, go first please. Oh, cameras face in the wrong way. Doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the in person fee waiver. I'm having a, I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the process is as if design more suited for North American and European audiences than rather than us who are living in Asia because Even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India, I need to travel to China. I need a visa and that process takes easily one to two months. And for that reason, last I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back. The previous IETF, I had explained that the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision. decision, at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me in advance itself that it's not possible for you to make that decision. Unfortunately, I basically had to withdraw my request because I've yet come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last-minute travel because even last-minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me are going to want to come to ITF, I'm been bringing work consistently to ITF. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF and they learned of a similar situation actually did move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So let me take that question, Miriam, because this is an LLC matter. This is the ITF chair matter. So yeah, thank you for that feedback. Your exactly right the IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers. And the published approach for the things giving out by the ITF chair is one month out. And that's largely historically been done to use those V-Wavers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long-term kind of sustainment and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF is run. So they're very fundamentally kind of different approaches for why those V-Wavers are handed out. But your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa, they have a longer range kind of visa challenges so we make tiny time for that paperwork to do process. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that and you will commit to anything kind of here but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches one to continue doing it as as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances but to also potentially manage the to do an early tronch of our peripherals because I am starting to get them earlier earlier, after a typically meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts, to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So stay tuned around. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Mark. Hi, Mark Nautium. So in the presentation, we said the the secretary at contractors still being renegotiated. And I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Are there, can you communicate anything about why that is other major sticking points? No. Can't explain anything about it. Oh. So no to the first part, but no to the second. No to the first one and no to the second one. So there aren't any sticking points. Sorry. So there are no, everything is continuing smoothly. these things just take some time. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Jay. Thanks, I'm Andrew. Hi, good morning, hopefully. Good evening, Rol, have you hear me? I just want to say I was in the I can meeting in Mumbai last week, which is a fantastic meeting in a great venue. I can's agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITFs, yet for my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge the IT to consider India as a future venue. I think it be excellent first to go there and I can as proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for that feedback Andrew. It's good to hear. Appet? Hi. In the past couple of weeks, actually, once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments, which at least are interpretable as the ITF LLC is the ITF. But for some of us old crusty folks, that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That the STO is completely independent of the LLC is sort of part of the charter of the LLC. That there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the ITF as far as I know the ITF still isn't incorporated as an SDO and I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk which is okay although I'd prefer we keep it sharper or if I'm missing something. Yeah thanks for to bring this up. I don't know exactly what you're referring to if there is any confusion. I don't know Jay if you want to comment on that. I don't think we would say the LLC is equals the idea. Yeah. So to be clear, I wasn't saying that the ITFLLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that So the ITFLLC is constructed to at times B the LLC. Sorry, to that times B the ITF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the ITF, then the LLC will be there in court as the ITF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up. And it will not be on behalf of those, because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. will be the ITFLLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The ITFLLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role and at times in that role it has to be the ITF. The other one I gave you, example is the trading name that the ITFLLC can use that trading name as the ITF of things. So what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is actually got a complex situation and to say that that nuanced view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from the problem, the problem I have is if the ITF, the STO, was dragged into court for some reason. I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the ITF, The ITF, the SDO, is those 7,000 individuals. Now, I don't know how a court deals with that problem, but at least within the community, there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the ITF, the SDO. And if for purposes of contracting and other things, A DBA does not bother me if the IATFLLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say, it is doing businesses the IATF whatever. That's a business relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO, I think is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the IATF within this community is actually making a mistake. Well, thanks for pointing this out. Pete, I don't know how to respond to this at this stage. I wasn't in there when the comments were made, but the I will discuss this and how to make sure to not come across this, confusing the padli. Thanks. Jaha. Hi, thanks. Rafałsłokierad. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with the visas. In our particular case, we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows. And unfortunately, we just got there approval two days to late corresponding to their flights. That's nobody's fault. I mean, it's just the way it goes. I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed, whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how the way that we applied to visa. So what we discovered that we ourselves, that's our fault, we did not pay attention to. The Chinese New Year was right in the middle. And so for 10, 12 days, the embassy was closed in Delhi. And that just delayed the whole thing. what would otherwise have been a process that would have taken the reason for all amount of time and this and time to get the visas done because of that closure, it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that was ever, a part of the thinking process, and if not, whether it would be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into on the way. Yeah, thanks, sure. I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist for the meeting when you're planning, but it's a good point. It's probably not always going to be possible in order to add this into the planning cycle, but it's definitely something we can take into account. Thank you. Who's next, Eric? Hi. So there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting, but the suitability of this venue and other people would be able to attend. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in, the majority of the participants were remote and also a huge fractional leadership, including by my account, the majority, the ISG-NI-IAB or remote. Do you have any comments? Do you have any comments about what exactly? about the possibility of this venue in life of those facts? Well, I can point you to Roman statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and on-site compared to other meetings. And I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to work really well, actually, especially also for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership leadership of the organization, including you, but I will address. Yes, including myself and I'm participating remotely. This is not the only ITF, I'm not participating in person. I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. There are a lot of people on site, especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems so corrupt that well. I don't know if there are any other comments and other quote members. Since the ISG was kind of mentioned, kind of speaking from that. Yeah, they're definitely is not the full complement of the ISG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel and participate in different venues is kind of contingent on set approval and a number of parties, at least on the ISEI, I won't speak for the other leadership bodies. We're not kind of approved, and this is what that turn out kind of looks like. We're waiting from the ISEG side, at least we are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on what was the experience of all the participants in particular, we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reporting back for the in-person survey. So we are going to have some after action, some perspective on what those experiences are. From the very kind of quick looks, we had participation may also be uneven to kind of across areas about how much remote and is on site, but it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see any on the stage. Next up, Rahul again. Yeah. So building on my question as well as John Francois question, is there any long-term consideration by IDF on the venue based on visa requirements. Because just for example here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen, but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. And I understand that the host would have some considerations, but in general, in the long-term, And again, Bangkok was very suitable when you back away because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that? Yeah, I'm actually already here in Tizami. We're also dependent on the host, certain extent and finding venues, et cetera, and also I think what we've explained earlier, similar discussions is that It's also important to make sure we're distributing the pain if you will and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas, go to other countries. So in this case, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate. And so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people get hit by difficulties each time. But yeah, I hear you. I, it's difficult to find the perfect venue for end-of-the-spend, with the disrespect. No other comments from our side, I think, on that. Ah, no. Yes. I'm here. I'm just trying to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment. But I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the novizer, and all of that was extremely good. And front is speaking, it's delightful. My first time in Shenzhen, I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We have an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your armed corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right? Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that and we are going to see what happens in November. I'm really curious, but we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous pass for the ATF to continue this direction. So that's one comment I have. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do a lot of this work. And I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on pizza comments. I think pizza makes a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides and we should be very, very key on the demonstration. That's it. Thank you. Thanks, Arnau. Jason. Jason. Hi, Jason Livinggood. This is in response to Pete's question. a peach question now. I will first say, I'm not codally clear on what the confusion is. Because I wasn't, and then you have those meetings where I heard things say. But I would encourage people to reread RFC 87-11, pretty straightforward. And Section 4-3, the LC is established to provide administrative support to the ITF, has no authority over the standards development activities of the ITF, and it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting, fundraising like fundraisers and so on, compliance and its legal home. So it was the case way back before the IASA2 activity that the standard development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird, that's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, you know, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established. There would be a separation between the standards development activities which are independent, notoperated by like the ISG and you know, so on and so forth. And then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear, but I'm not clear on whatever the questions were. It might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion and happy to help because unfortunately I think I might have been involved in some. Thanks Jason. Thanks for the clarifying this and yes you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LSE report. Thanks for pointing that RFC. Any comments from any of us on stage? No, see none. Next up is Victoria. Hi, Victoria Bell Paula. I didn't plan to come on the mic, but I did want to offer a different perspective to what Ecol said. I think that having and also to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of new cameras is not a negative thing. Even if it meets the goal of something, many regular people are allowed to vote. Actually, I think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the ITF, all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places. It is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting, to come, at least once, when time in person and discover this world, and maybe they will continue. And it is up to us, not up as meaningful. The regulars, I don't know if I'm a regular by now. Not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contributors. And to this extent, I mean, to a certain extent, it was in multiple sessions, I saw drafts represented by newcomers being met with the usual unfortunately attitude by ITF regulations. So I mean, conditioned ends or out-eye hostility or just to away. So I know the ITF has been put in effort in these, in changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there. And this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So in the end, yes, it's also said, honestly, that there are so many members of the leadership here. I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here. But the fact that we had the largest meeting ITF of the idea of the other end, possibly meeting with the solid to the maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever is something we have to think about. I think I'm sure that all of you may don't possibly be the efforts to be here in person, but still the result is not satisfactory, maybe. Thank you. Thanks for your comments, Etaureo. Um, Rohan. I support the fact that we came to China and several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar meetings, similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in San Francisco and there will be other destinations that will be difficult for There's other books. It's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go. We need to just suck it up. Just let the process run. We need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here and not beat up everyone. Unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go that is going to meet all of the requirements and is going to allow this regular change of venue so that things are convenient for different people and different continents. We just need to we need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for that comment. Robert, hey folks, I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to United States because even though if you have applied for a visa, I don't have a visa in United States, you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have like a some kind of support for people that are going over there that are afraid because it's for any reason why right I used to be an article hacker so I got some person of interest at least going on so I wanted to ask do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the United States and what are you planning as the countries on war right now right so how is going to be the support for attendees? Yeah thanks for bringing this up and now people are concerned with the discussed this before and you know similar to this meeting I believe it's for everybody is any visual to decide what the risk is or if you can make it or not. I'm not aware, I don't know if you want to comment on that and if you can provide any legal support for individuals. I don't think you've done that in the past at least. Roberto, no, unfortunately that's not something we can do. It's too expensive, the liability is unlimited. It really has to be left in the individuals to do that themselves. My biggest concern is that during the visa process might be everything okay and then we arrive over there and I have some instances of friends that have been detained and sometimes it's not just to go back home and to answer over there is more if we risk it, the organization might at least know that we are there. Thank you. We are effectively a business conference in terms of visas and if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming sorry, coming to the US for that purpose, not going to work, or anything like that. Then there are very, in fact, I'm not aware of any instances, for somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country. Not, you know, people come into this sort of thing. I, I thank you for the comment, but actually I have some instances because of, you know, I've gone on everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry, but thank you for the position. Thank you. Warren, come on. I think I'm next. Yes. But just a quick poll on from what I've answered. I found this to be a great venue. Everything's work really nicely. People have been great. Yes, that was annoying to have to get a visa. But it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries. So, you know, we have a lot of people participants from China, but I think is the right thing to do in goodness. APPLAUSE Thanks, Warren. Martin. Hey. So, I'm not sure that the LSA board has really listened to the community when it comes to either China or the US. And I would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor for me have to deal with as one of the factors in making decision. And I think that those people who've suggested otherwise denying reality in terms of some extent. So I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard. And think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people will turn up. People are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people are turned up in person this time. If those people continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thank you for that suggestion. We can definitely not evaluate this at this point. Yeah, I don't know. Anybody else wants to comment on that? Nope. Then. But there is my media working now. Yes. That's an excellent privilege to what I'm about to say. So I once pushed back on Arnego's point, this is about GFO. So actually coming, comes the office of conclusion of Martin about Paul's 16th important. I think that the IHSGNELS LLC were correct in their discussion of what the community about this leading up to this selection that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right load start to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time as geofalletix and trids are more and more. I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world. The regulatory imposition we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique and if you look at global context. So I would encourage the IESG and the LLC to take a careful and close look in retrospect at this meeting in the challenges we faced and to take that into account as you look at free-ture venues, elections, whether the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective with the venues we select. Yeah, thanks for the suggestion. which should really definitely do that with any other venue that we're going to things. So Mary, if the night on that particular kind of topic, Richard, you highlight, you highlight kind of a good point, which is that about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges and is there after any meeting, a learning experience on, is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future? So I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to Jen dispatch tomorrow. We have a drafting presented on the topic of network requirements. And if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network for the meeting, this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like. So please come to that discussion. The LLC, I think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus. the community consensus on what should be to venue selection criteria? And thanks for a plug for my draft for a minute. I wanted to flag that a bit more broadly though for the IESG and LSE, right? The question was posed to the LSE and to the IESG. Will this meeting be effective? There was a proactive prediction that you guys were asked to make. And so I think as you're having board meetings, I asked you retreats, things like that. I think it would be useful for these bodies internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turn out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future. Yeah, thanks for that addition, Tony. Hi, Tony Lee. I'm an American. The way the United States government is operating right now, the ITF cannot protect anyone. The government is running around, basically, bands of the bugs, and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable. We've seen them detain citizens. We've seen them detain people who are legally there. There's nothing that's going to happen legally, that's going to protect anyone comes to the US. Thanks, Tony. Yeah, I don't comment on this stage. Thanks for this. Is it information? Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. And then I see one more Benjamin. Hi. So, as a new participant in meetings with the ITF, the one thing that I have learned is, at least, from many of you, is that work at the ITF happens on the mailing list. So, to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting, and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list, mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this many choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. You're a little over time, so I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great evening there if you're there in person. You're in before we sign off, Jay. Do you want to repeat the social focused activity kind of tonight with a late show? Thank you, Senator. This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CNNIC and Huawei. So this will be a starting at 8pm for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city centre. As a welcome to the ITF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the Civic Centre where there will be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock, it's about 10-15 minutes walk. You should see you all there. Jay. I'm sorry. Say another question. I cannot microny's off. By the way, enjoy. I provide a lot of social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take anyone. Wow, you do.... Go with 터ving my best scu inclusive ?