Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. So, so this is what we are doing. And so, again, we are going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF trust, and after that, it's going to be the IETF administration LLC report. And we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. we're meeting the order is going to be the IAB the IASG and then the IETF LLC. Next slide please. So before we get started I wanted to you know give a whole a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site like the Secretariat, the Meet ECHO team, the NOC team and all the LSA staff but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that pushed the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments you know as quickly kind of as possible so we arrive at the meeting we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution please join me in welcoming them. Well thank you for that. So next I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Kai the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for so for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Our Dr. to attend the 125th IETF Conference. I am very honored. First, on behalf of the Information Management Department and the Information and Communications Administration, I would like to extend my warmest welcome to all the guests and friends who have come from afar, and congratulate the conference on its successful opening. I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to all my friends and colleagues who have been concerned and supporting the development of the international organization of the Internet, which has been a very influential international organization in the field of the Internet. Since the establishment of IETF, it has made irreplaceable contributions in the core agreement, architecture, and technical standards of the Internet, and has established a solid technical foundation for the prosperous development of the Internet. We express our high praise for this. China preserves the spirit of opening, tolerance, cooperation, and win-win, and persists in the development of the Internet, and supports the deepening of international exchanges and actively participates in the international technical standards, and the establishment of Internet-based facilities, Internet communication, and promotes the construction of a peaceful, safe, open, and cooperative Internet space to maintain the global Internet contribution power that can continue to expand and innovate. Currently, the Internet field of new technologies, including artificial intelligence, is in deep integration with the Internet, bringing opportunities for development and new challenges. We look forward to the opportunity of this conference to discuss the innovative ideas and technologies of the Internet-based technologies and to promote the cooperation results of the various parties to achieve more tangible and meaningful results. We also look forward to the opportunity of this conference to promote the cooperation results of the various parties, and to promote the cooperation results of the various parties, to contribute to the development of high-quality Internet industries around the world, so that we can work together to develop innovation, to keep the trend going, to build the common community of Internet space and destiny, and to make digital civilization better for the global people. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and pleasant work and life during the Shenzhen period. Thank you. Thank you, Xian. Thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of CNNIC. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right, so next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leaders, leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here, or additional facts and kind of figures and summary since we last met, please do click on that link that says full report, and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide. Next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen, and I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So, you know, phenomenal to see the community, you know, the community to come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and onsite is within the bands that we've had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement that I, of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look around, you know, you're sitting to your left are two people, and, you know, one other person to your right, one of those people is new to the IETF, unless you are. So one quarter of, almost one quarter of the participants here at the IETF have never been to a meeting before, and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the IETF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the internet. Please join a mailing list. You know, please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes, and we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna or perhaps in San Francisco, the future venues we have for our meetings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world, and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here, and also equally unsurprising, we have a very, very robust participation from China, given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the IESG has issued no statements, and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements was related to an appointment, and we're excited to see what happens next. So thank you for that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That is our announcement That is our announcement to the IETF trust and to the IPMC. So first we want to publicly say very much, kind of thank you to Sean Turner, who has been selected, and we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP245 moderators, and I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. Next slide please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we became the leader in the Inter tackle Center, and we have been receiving since we last got together and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical, from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in GEN affects each and every one of you in the room because the processes defined in GEN impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and code points are specified here in IETF documents, please join us in the IANA-BIS working group. If you aspire to tailor, to change, or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the PROCON working group, the process documenting consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that, one second, to that one announcement that I said I'd talk more about, the Mod Pod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF. This was recently approved. To realize that and to implement that process, that first step is the IESG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be write those procedures, and then of course, execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community if, we have a call to the community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the IESG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well, and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the architecture. And that means that they're providing Roadchange in either the first one on your že to start the processes. So every single component reached to the program, and now they need it… Are you all seeing this? Okay. Thank you. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel. And this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the Director of Meeting Operations and Sponsorships. But she will be, unfortunately, exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie McCammon has been the Director of Meeting Operations and Sponsorships. And she has been the Director of Meeting Operations and Sponsorships for the last 20 years. And she has been the Director of Meeting Operations and Sponsorships for the last 20 years. And she has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those. And that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world in an interoperable kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues are in place, or whether it's making sure that we are in these venues and these venues are in place, or whether it's making sure that we are in these venues and these venues are in place, or whether it's making sure that we are in these venues and these venues are in place, or whether it's making sure that we are in these venues and these can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie. And honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you. Thank you so much. And I'm so grateful to have you here. And I'm so grateful to have you here. Thank you so much. And I'm so grateful to have you here. Thank you. And, you know, best of And, you know, best of luck with your, with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of luck with your, with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much, on behalf of the community. So next slide, please. I now turn it over to Dhruv Dhodi, who, congratulations, is the new chair of the IAB. Hello, everyone. I'm Dhruv Dhodi. I'm the incoming IAB chair. Next slide, please. Yes. So, we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this, we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out, and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So, check it out, those videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data tracker. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the APICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen, as well as Roman was at Visitor. So, we had a very good conversation. And we had a very good discussion about the IAB process, plus 20 high-level UN meeting where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk, who will talk about IRTF. Thank you. Thank you, Drew. Hello, I'm Dirk Kutscher. I'm the IRTF chair. So, before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So, as IRTF chair, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So, we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training, and so on. And so, at this meeting, I have received really great feedback from the community. And I think that's really important. Thank you. So, the first thing that I would like to say is I have a lot of support, and I just realized in the past days. So, there has been a young talent program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students in not only this meeting but also previously. And there's a program in Brazil. 18 people to this meeting and so the Brazilian friends they had the longest journey by far so they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days and Brazilians maybe please stand up so we can see you all welcome so they they come all this way to you know engage with us to meet the experts to meet the leadership and I really hope this will be worthwhile um okay so in the IRTF we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week so we still have meetings by crypto forum rasp RG and network management RG coming up in the next two days please check that out um then we have the applied networking research workshop and the applied networking research price that's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee support high quality research and also get new ideas new people in and a W and the workshop is kindly supported by acm sikom and akamai and we do this yearly at our Summer ITF meetings so got one will be in Vienna I am itf-126 the workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and sresh Krishnan thanks very much for doing the work the call for papers is open please submit your papers until April 17th The Applied Networking Research Prize recognizes the best results in applied networking from last year. So what we do is we nominate top contributions in the field of applied networking, and then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones. And this is supported by ISOC, Comcast, and NBC Universal. And quite often we get really, really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite current at the moment in the IITF. And so just today in IITF Open, we had two ANRP winners. So we had Tianyi Gao. And he was the first to participate in the IITF Open. And he was the first to participate in the IITF Open. And he was awarded for his work on transport-level encryption for data-hunter networks. And Xiangjie Huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high-quality real-time communication. Congratulations. So this week we actually had two IITF Open meetings. So one just before. And on Tuesday, we had one that was... It dedicated on discussing internet working research challenges for AI. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic. So we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IITF in this field. So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges. There's a lot of working in academia and conference and so on. We want to figure out, okay, how can we make this useful? How can we make this useful for our larger community? So we invited two really great presentations on different aspects. And had good discussion on potential topics. So what we identified so far was testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments. Like a bit broader distributed system and protocol design for distributed learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming out. There are new abstractions for collective communications and so on. But also more principled approaches towards agent communication. Also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the buff this morning. So the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of naming, identity, trust delegation, and also group communication. And yeah, finally, we also... We also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google, and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from Asia. Really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next program for VIA. So we are already preparing the next program for VIA. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested or if you know somebody who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you., so this is my last report as the ITF NomCom chair for this cycle. These were the people of the NomCom 25-26 cycle. The voting members, some of them are here. So please thank them if you see them in the hallway. I've seen one of my... NomCom members in the Tokyo remote. So people in Tokyo, thank him also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Dejan. Good. But it's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So we're very happy with the current selection. So we had one selection for the LLC board, one for the trust, ITF trust and IPM. Six selection candidates, selected candidates for the IAB, two term period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas candidates and assigned for the period of two years. So I'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term, willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity. Of course, that's something that's important to us, to our community and also to the NomCom. We got a day training this year, like last year, about unconscious bias, et cetera. So that's important. I think that's something that the NomCom was very aware of. Also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations. Some highlights here are, well, not highlight per se. There's no gender diversity improvement this cycle. So we're aware of that. We're conscious of that. But of course, we try to improve every year. But this is an observation here. We improved on regional diversity. That's a good thing. So different voices. Different perspectives are good for our community. And so there's a constant improvement here. And we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline. Young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. And we also hear that from the community. In every review, all the reviews we receive. Thank you, ITF community, for your reviews, for your feedback on the nominees. It's important and stressed. Think about new generation. Think about the next generation leadership. So with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the NOMCOM members always ask about thinking about your succession. And luckily, most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for or nominees actually for the next NOMCOM cycle. And of course, it's up to the NOMCOM in one, two, three, four years to select the nominees. But it's good that we have nominees to select from. So thanks. Yeah, as I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place, but we can always do better. So it's a constant process. Another thing is, well, lessons learned. The first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before. It's a good document. Our RFC 8713. But they're in practical situations. It doesn't say anything about new situations or things we haven't thought of. So, well, there's one thing mentioned. The chair can with the NOMCOM always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process an unaccepted or not expected situation. So it works. And the same bullet point. Here, the NOMCOM process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. And that works also. But and that's now a new point. I want to work on at least some basic documentation, how the things work, some steps, basic steps, at least how to proceed through the NOMCOM as a chair. And that could also help with the help of, well, kind of delegating tasks to the secretary. Yeah. Because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary. So it's good to have some documentation and mostly the practical stuff. That's yeah. And also for myself, at least during the deliberations, I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just to be a simple process. But I was counting the yes and no so simple. But yes, maybe no. That becomes more difficult. And then you have all kinds of rankings. So. I think for the next year, it's good to have this little bit automated so it can focus on the process and all the discussions and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes. So finally. Yeah. Some words of thanks. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the NOMCOM chair for this cycle. It was very learned. Well, I learned a lot and was super interesting. And it was very. Rewarding. Also, the ITF community was very supportive. In the beginning, I made some mistakes. And as you are, you directly send me an email that I made a mistake, but it was always supportive. People help me out. So thank you. And also the NOMCOM voting members were very, very dedicated. So it was a great team. I mentioned that already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chair's advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process. So thank you. And advice. It's almost I get an award for the Oscar Academy Awards with all the thank yous. Good. Before I leave the stage, I want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the NOMCOM. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also you learn a lot of things about the ITF process, about the people in the ITF and its processes. Thank you. Thank you. I wasn't aware I had zero-faced Séan. She worked for two checkpoints in the first couple of months, her official LAURA transition report that I wrote for the LA pipe And I had a direct copy of the EFC Product Navigator application presentation link that I was written for. I never claimed a single item, so I didn't have any passar every day. But at some point in time, I found the NOMCOM project and qualified for this position. Example. Realize this pandemic and having a global messages and values unequal and all just back and forth Yeah. And so again, I abused for the, you know, but you know what? I was fueling it to I am. But I feel like I have learned. You know, and I don't have anymore experience, because that's one thing I had to investigate. Oh okay. and I will echo, please do the NOMCOM. It's a really great experience. You learn so much and you meet some great people. Anyways, I'm Glen Dean and I'm the outgoing chair of the IPMC Corporation and the ITF Trust. This is our report to ITF 125. So NOMCOMs do what they do and the ISG does what it does and they both appoint people to the ITF Trust and the IPMC Board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burden who has served us as an ISG appointee. Kristen was really helpful. She's a lawyer by training, very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing doing the ITF IPMC creation and setup. So thank you very much for Kristen for your service to the ITF Trust and the IPMC. And we are going to hand it over to Glen Dean. Glen is this guy. He's been around for quite a while and one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term limited. We like people to stick around the ITF Trust to build up our institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever. It's a matter of time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So I've had a lot of fun. I've learnt a lot of stuff. I will say, if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants and I learnt so much by being part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider this program. Thank you. consider it this coming year when the non-com is appointing another person so thank you for letting me be that role I've really enjoyed it so we have a new set of directors for the ITF IPMC a couple of them are carrying over but we've got two new ones Lars Egret is coming in as is Sean Turner and we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers so I like to announce that Wendy Seltzer has taken on the role of IPMC president Sean Turner who I think is in in the Tokyo remote is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer which Wendy is vacated and Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary likewise the the ITF trust is in the final throes but we still needed some people around to close up shop and so the decision was made that the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be Wendy so thank you Wendy for taking on both roles all right so that's the in and the out stuff let's talk about what we've been doing so we've got the trust or I hope I'm good with that I want to thank or not I n We like to give a report and usually these numbers are zero because trust is set up to be very boring and when everything's perfect, it is very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN1 module from RFC 9881. So there we got one. The other good news though, is we have had zero legal actions which is the number you always wanna see at that bottom there. It means that we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good if you deal in intellectual property assets. So here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who've been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal and now we had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So it's formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC has. And that's what we operate under. And that was up for a 60 day review. And all of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. This one's big. We've been working for a couple of years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the ITF intellectual property assets from the ITF trust into the IPMC corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP except for patents. The IPMC does not do patents for the ITF. And that is a major milestone. So hold your applause on that one because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major moment. We have something we've been working to for years and I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet though. We're not fully done yet though. We're not fully done yet though. We're not fully done yet though. We're not fully done yet though. We're not fully done yet though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function is still in process because we need some signatures. There's agreements that establish the role of the ITF trust with relation to the IANA. And there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the ITF trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I no longer was the chair. I know that Jay has done his signature. I know that Jay has done his signature on the behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures on, sign the documents so we can get that thing done. And some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation because if you look at the ITF documentation, it's got the word ITF trust all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF, ITMC as the successor. So that draft's out there and it's active. I saw that URL for the IPR, WG email list. And finally, the trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions so we can keep that same acronym are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the ITMC is now the party holding the assets to the ITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. We're saying that it's not a legal change. So if you're lawyers and you approve it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though. Since that draft or that document was first written, version five, the editorial stream got created and so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there'll be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And it'll be published for comment for a third year period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristin, but I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF trust. It served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank, and it has, it's got a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over and it does its final tax filings, it's done. So I really did want to have a hand for the ITF trust because it has made this, what is the ITF functional? And it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as ITF trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do. So it's, which is good because it means they didn't get sued. Cause no drama, no excitement. But anyways, for the ITF trust and for all the people volunteer, can I please have a round of applause? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And that is how to contact the ITMC and get more stuff. George. George Duran Don't leave the stage. George Duran So Glen, thank you for your many years of service and allow me to present you with this plaque. George Duran And thank you to all the people that have Thank you. Hello and welcome. My name is Jay Daly. I'm the IETF Executive Director. Nice to see so many people in the room. So this is the administrative report for the IETF. And I'll start by thanking our IETF 125 host, C.N. Nick, and our co-host, Tsinghua University, the Internet Society of China, CCSA, and the Computer Network Information Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Thank you very much. I also want to thank very much Huawei, our special contributor and social event sponsor. Those of you who came last night to the social event, I'm sure will remember that. That is the best social event we have had. That was spectacular. Thank you. Thank you. And then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor, ZTE, to our local sponsor, AP Nick, and our local supporters, Coremail. Thank you. Thank you. I also want to thank our IETF 125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion. Thank you very much to Akamai and Huawei. And I also want to thank our IETF 125. And thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for IETF 125. We have Comcast and ICANN for diversity and inclusion. We have ZTE for sustainability. ICANN and C.N. Nick for running code. And D.E. Nick and Nominet for the open internet. Thank you all very much. Thank you very much. And then finally, thank you to our equipment, services and connectivity sponsors, without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the IETF than we do currently. Thank you very much to all of you. I should particularly like to note China Mobile and China Unicom who have helped very much with this conference. We have staff on site helping us out with our Wi-Fi, which is really going above and beyond. Thank you very much for that. Every meeting, it seems, our logos get more and more desirable. So once again, I'm happy to tell you, you can get our swag from the online store. And we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we make. We should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting, particularly for those people who go running, such as our current IETF chair. So I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out. We, in building the IETF tools and in running the IETF NOC, we rely on multiple people who, for example, are in the business. We have a number of people who are in the business. We have a number of people who are in the business. We are very grateful for them and we are very happy to give their time freely to help that work. So thank you very much to all of those people. And Rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this, but I think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here. So we have the Secretariat, METACO and the NOC. Thank you very much. your work. Here at IETF 125 we only have a subset of the IETF staff so I'm on site clearly. I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers. They are staffing the tools help desk so please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them. We also have the RPC staff at IETF 125. Alana, Alice and Sandy are here. They are also staffing a desk so if you have any questions about RPCs, sorry RFCs or the editing process please go and speak to them. And we have the full secretariat on site as well. So this is a simple diagram of the current secretariat. So look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support see them. If you need to want to speak about anything particular then please speak to them as well. So finally on the thanks, thank you to our global hosts. Our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the IETF and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need. Thank you very much. . Thanks very much. Thanks. Thank you. So IETF 126 Vienna. Registrations are open. This will be in July. We are expecting to come. We are just about to sign with the host for the meeting. So that's good news for us. And I hope very much to see as many as possible of you there. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. to our meetings. We have Vienna coming up and then after that we have IETF 127 in San Francisco and since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced VeriSign as the host of that meeting. IETF 128 in Asia we are still in the negotiations with. It generally takes us quite some time to negotiate Asian venues. They are more complicated. We often have to use convention centers and us being a US company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship. So that's going ahead. We certainly aim to announce that by Vienna if possible. IETF 129 Europe that was due to be signed and then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day. We have a new contract with the US company and we are going to have a meeting with them today. So we are just trying to work through that and then we'll be able to announce that hopefully quite shortly. IETF 130 has now been announced. That's the Hyatt Regency Vancouver that we've been back to a number of times and we are of course looking for a meeting host for that. IETF 131 in Asia we have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues. We are hoping to and we're in the negotiations now about that. So that's moving forward. IETF 132 Europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out. IETF 133 is not on here in North America but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in South America for that. So that's where we currently are with our meetings booking. We're a bit behind. many of them quite close that will catch up quickly and then we'll be a bit ahead I think by the end of this year on meeting bookings. So that's it for me, thank you very much. Handing over to Miriam. Thanks Jay. I hope you can hear me and see me. My name is Miriam Kuehne, I'm the chair of the LLC board, that's more correct, and I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term studying at this meeting. I think Cindy is going to control my slides so please go on to the next slide. Yes, this is the full board. You can see here Gonzalo and George are there with you in person. Roman as you saw was online, I'm online here and John. John cannot join us for this meeting. But you're all watching. So next slide please. Yeah, this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the end of year balance and I'm not going to go through all the numbers. You can do that in your own time. I mean for transparency reasons obviously we put them here on the slide so they'll be published. You see some notes there so if you go to the next slide you'll see some explanations, more details can be found over here. So this is the financial statements that we publish every month and then also at the end of the year. Overall one thing to note here is that there are some like higher numbers as budgeted so the positive variances there are mostly comprised of an additional endowment contributions which always welcome ISOC matching funds, also the annual contributions from ISOC and some unrealized gains from investments that we have there. So that's good news. So next slide please. Just some items that the board is currently working on. We are still working on the secretariat contract we tendering that's ongoing. We've published the 2026 budget after consultation of the community consultations. So that's out on the website. As you've seen, we've piloted the remote room, we piloted this new feature with remote rooms for IT applications. So that's something that we're working on. We're planning on doing that. But it's not going to be a big deal because we're working on it. We're working on it for a long time. So that's good news. So next slide please. So we're going to have a remote rooms for ITF meetings. And I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions that seems to work really well. And so well, thanks mostly to LLC staff and their Greg Wood, I think, who took the lead for making this possible. And then we're going to evaluate the experiences with this and after the meeting and see how we can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual retreat in April, the board retreat. We're preparing for that to look at like future plans. So we're going to have a virtual meeting with the board in April. And we're also having our annual retreat in April. The board retreat, we're preparing for that to look at like future plans. So that's good news. So next slide, please. So we're going to have a virtual meeting with the board in April. And we're also having our annual retreat in April. And we're also having our annual retreat in April. And we're planning for the strategy, risk register and other plans that we're doing on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here, but it's certainly also on our mind, our meeting network and the meeting locations. And I really want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists, specifically also on meeting networks. And we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed tomorrow, I believe in GEN dispatch. And then I will see where that goes after that. And so yeah, please watch that space and contribute to that work. Next slide, please. You can also contribute to our work while participating in our board meetings here, the monthly board meeting, here the dates, they're also on the website. And Michelle, our secretary, she always sends us a letter, she's one of the people that has to be on the board. So if you have any questions, please feel free to give us a call on the website. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to us. We'll She always sends out announcements for the board meetings. So they're open to observers, at least like, you know, partially part of the meetings. We also have some closed sessions with staff and Jay. But yes, please join us for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to our work. Next slide, please. I think that's about it. Yes, you can find a lot more information on the websites from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements. And also here are a number of mailing address, mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. Admin discusses our generic kind of administrative mailing list where most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. Next slide, please. Next slide, please. Next slide, please. Next slide, please. Next slide, please. Next slide, please. Next slide, please. Next slide, please. And Chen, let's go this way. We won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Kallen, but I think maybe somebody can make an AI-generated one. Yes. Next slide, please. And with that, let's do introductions, and then we'll do open mic. For introduction, let's start with Jason. Jason Livinggood, IAB. Mark Nottingham, IAB. Mia Kulevind, outgoing IAB. Suresh Krishnan, IAB. Warren Kamari, in a surprising turn of events, IAB. Yaroslav Rosamacho, incoming IAB. Dhruv Dhody, incoming IAB chair. Alvaro Ratana, IAB. Yingzheng Xu, incoming IAB. Deku Cha, IRTF chair. Qinwu, outgoing IAB. Can we have remote folks? Ali? Ali? Ali? Is Ali on the screen? Oh, yes. Sorry. Sorry. You can hear me now? Yes. Hello, this is Ali. Ali Began, incoming IAB. Thank you. Cullen? Fluffy, outgoing. Glad that the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Do we have Jenna or I don't see Jenna maybe. Matthew? Hi, Matthew Bochy, IAB. Nick? Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. And Roman. How come we are missing you? I think we can't hear you, Roman. Okay, move on. Open mic. Questions for the IAB. Okay. And somebody will help me with the queue. Oh, here it is. Anod. All right. So congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are leaving. And so I have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by IAB, especially on the liaison. I think Miria and Suresh are working on that. I think this is really good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about liaison. I observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework. Liaisons are good, but they are just one part of the equation. We have seen in some areas like DM between ITF and SG17, which is a very good example, that there is a lot of collaboration between the two. And I think that's a good example. I think that's a good example. I think that's a good example. I think that's a good example. We started to have leadership that started to speak to each other and I must say thank you to Jim Reed. I don't know where Jim is, but he was the one who pushed us here to do that and that was good. However, it's only this week I realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other. And not that people don't want in fact, but people don't know. Not only don't know, but even I don't know. And I don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process, tools, etc. So that's probably something we should explore. The second thing is that I was approached with a lot of questions after my side meeting. I would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are doing to the IAB so that we can really intimately understand together how we work and what could be tangible actions we could do together. Then the next point is about opportunities. There is going to be on the ITU side a plenipotentiary that's supposed to be in Doha. We'll see what happens, but that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions. And I want to come back on the workshop on Doha. China and protection that the IAB promoted. Now there is the window is slightly opened to make a change in this resolution. If you have some desires based on what you are doing now, now is the moment. It never happened in years. And we managed to unlock the doors at member state level. So now they know that they're going to modify it. So if you want to size this opportunity, do it. The last point is about... AI. AI, AI, AI. Okay? So here, the frustration are the friction of three IETF meetings that each of them have had signed meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream. I can understand Madrid. Okay. Montreal. Now again. In fact, this week we did the first official meeting with the BoF catalyst on the agency. So the problem is timing. And so if you move, if you move your brain until what's going to happen next, and you consider a number of risks, including for San Francisco in November, uh, that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there. So I am doing. I am doing on my side three meetings, one plenary and one content week from now until next July. So it's an offer I can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the same meetings. Size it because this will give you input to prepare the July meeting in Vienna. We must have something in concrete in Vienna, because if. San Francisco is risky. that's the only moment we can do something. So we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in Vienna. And I will bring all the input you need. Let's make it happen. I know it was a lot of things. You don't need to answer now, but these are things we can do offline. Thank you, Arnaud. Let me tackle just a few points very quickly. We will not go in depth for all of them. With respect to liaisons, I completely agree. The first thing that we have to do is relationship. I think that's when we do best. When we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that. So any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can up to discuss, we can, of course, maybe get some better tooling. Whichever way you have that we find people, reach out to us. We want to do this better. With AI, the last question, I think I'll leave that to ISG. From the IAB side, I think we are watching. We help during the BOF preparation with Catalyst, with other things. So we are watching, but that question specifically with side meeting and everything, it's for the ISG. So hold on to that. Remind me any other, what were the two other questions? Resolution. For ITU PP. So thanks for bringing it up. We have plans to participate. We are discussing. This is still a lot of inputs coming in. Let's continue the conversation. Does any other IAB member want to add? Yeah, please go ahead. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, I actually appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this way forward and like you are helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups in ITU. I think actually that works very well. And as Tuff said, like if you need to improve, we can do that. But I'm actually very positive that I'm seeing that. So thank you for that. There is one regret I have just that can say that. Tommy and I discussed an idea of a workshop on adjunct EKI. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you can see there's a lot of people involved today. And I think we can give you a little bit of a little bit of insight on the discussion that we would have in the next slide. But I think that would have helped remove a lot of heat and get the debates on. We didn't do it. I don't know why it happened, but that's something that the IAB could have done. Now it's too late, but we have another way we can do it and achieve it for the life. For the liaison piece, in fact, there is something that is simply a lack of practice in terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer a liaison statement. tell us don't do it that would help us enormously because until we receive something from the community here saying i tell you don't do that i cannot show that to member states so there are few simple things that if the leadership works together we can pass you the message and help you organize that and it's it's easy it will not take much time and everybody will be happy i i think we have made a bunch of improvements on that we have been sending acknowledgements at least and as well as nudging various groups where action is needed but as we have discussed this multiple times is just a very different fundamental way the two organizations work we have to find a middle ground let's continue to talk that's what i can offer any other we have one more person but i can see the name andrew in shenzhen um i just wanted to for being extremely uh yeah uh numbers for their work over the last two three years on outreach it has made a difference and it has shifted uh the reputation of the community significantly in other uh bodies so thank you for doing that and please continue thank you andrew i didn't catch everything but seemed a little like you were happy so that's good anyone else otherwise going once going twice and isg so i'd welcome the incoming and outgoing isd to the stage just to get a little bit more involved with the effort uh i'd i'd like for them to take the time to share a little bit more about you and how they're exfoliation and ought to work a little bit more into the context of finding the appropriate shoes right but certainly for us Transporting the city and outgoing it has been such a pleasure to be able to listened to find a mol rewarding it and the preserver grtill we've been really happy to be able to do that and at least let me know if you've considering As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. You know, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of is this topic worth waking up the U.S. West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach, practical approach, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement, like BPF, where we merged the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of. What the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Orry Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Orry, you're in a sense, the triple threat. You masqueraded as the R&AD, but you're also the shadow sec. and with AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The IISG is also gonna miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So Ori, really thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but you know, Paul, first up, I wanna say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a SEC area. So being a SEC area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area, how we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. And I think we're gonna be able to do it in the future. So thank you for that. And I think we're gonna be able to do it in the future. So thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the IISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the IISG board has a lot of potential in the community. So thank you for that. Thank you for that. I also wanted to mention that productivity is gonna take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you at GoinADs. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition, if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to, from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see kind of on the stage. So we're gonna do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're gonna get us started. Okay, hi everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming Art AD. Andy Newton, Art AD. Ort Steele, outgoing Art AD. Roman Danilo, Gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming Int AD. Frank needle, outgoing Int AD. Eric, your turn. I'm going into tech AD. Sorry. So Eric Wing, the other, ongoing Int AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be the Int AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of Ops AD, Jim Gishard, RoutinID. Hunter Van Der Velde, Outgoing and Incoming, RoutingID. Doug Cooley, SecID. Chris Anasio, SecID. Paul Waters, Outgoing, SecID. Druk Dhody, Incoming, IAB Chair. Mike Bishop, WID AD. Gauri Fierhurst, Renewing, AAD for WID. Tommy. Tom, I'm sorry. Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB Chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. You know, we're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay, so the mic line is open. Questions for the IASG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with, in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs, taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you volunteered to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the IAB. They give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. So we should take that and try to work on it. Does anyone else from the IHG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? No. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not in the queue. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Drew has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agent ETI situation, so if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created. And in fact, with three meetings. Okay. So I think that's a good point. I think it's good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. We are not. So that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription just to use that word from the leadership here to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do. Okay. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So thoughts? Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles, Arnaud, like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. Okay. So I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in tightly bound charters and what is the approach to on ramp it in there, the boff that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of I'm sure many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash offsite about how to convert the energy not just in AI inside meetings into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. Okay. Thank you. Sure. Yeah, thanks. So Vertical has shown us that there is a 13% capacity for typically even establishment of which is quite improper. That is absolutely right. Let's accounted for and answered and if, you know, communities based around us might make ends klar and remove based off of you know, sounds to me that the structure of the IETF system, I'm just beginning to realize which is quite generationally similar to the actual system. Oh, it sounds literally the same way. Portage, any other ten years? I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we had the first meeting on Edge on TKI this week, thanks to Adrian and the team on the Catalyst, great job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24. In 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. Time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There's a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side, on the bottom-up approach, and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. To solve the AI problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations in open source to kind of get us there. OK, thank you. So Ai-jen, you're next in the queue. AI-JEN CHENG, Yeah. I'm from . I have a similar concern for the working of the AI agent in the ITF. In this meeting, there are about over 60 side meetings related to AI. And I think many of them, many content, many content, many of them are related to AI. And many of them content is overlapped. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in more formal manners. OK. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior, the Catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to, you know, think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring in are intersections of the existing work that we, of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch-like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke. Contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the I'm very, I'm conscious, probably, more than most people, how hard it is to schedule all the time. Right? Right. I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter-programming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to, you know, really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with anything else. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users, for the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I happen to be chair of the MOQ now. My working group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. But I just want to leave the comment with the IHG. Let's try to preserve that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross-area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Martin. Where are we at? We ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we, of course, have ended up with a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like SEC, WIT, and ART, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Okay. Next up, Roberta. You're next. Hi. Hi. I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information, like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work specifically that would be the nonworking groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the areas that might not be applicable. And so I'm curious to know what kind of information that might be available to you to be able to get an understanding of that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, some of the terms that has connection with it, for example, for agentic AI agents and AI itself. Where would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that's part of, you know, the foundational models, those kinds of information that might make difference for the way that people do drafts. Is there a place that we can, you know, join information and do some maybe a state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it uh i don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the ietf i think the answer would be to produce an id an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to end even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer you to others right and i've done it multiple times dm is in art he started in in for instance right so it's quite common we talk to each other all right uh so i'm seeing the queue line uh empty would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment or something like that um i'm pausing waiting james james we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic you i think we have a hot mic james we okay you have dropped okay any other questions okay in that case uh isg thank you and we'll move to the next of our open mics up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up hello i hope you can hear me this is the llc's open mic and if all is well george and gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while roman and i are remote i s i guess george is still there oh there's jay i can see you all taking seats quickly up it's great thanks i think we are ready do you want to do a quick introduction please on stage starting with george georges georges georges george michaelson llc board georges montello camarillo llc board montello camarillo llc board jade ailey itf executive director jade ailey itf executive director then we have you roman jade ailey itf executive director roman janelio llc board roman janelio llc board and miriam kuhner llc board um see um james here is a we're leading for the round so please see a list of people in the queue. So, Rahul, go first, please. Oh, camera's facing the wrong way. Doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the in-person fee waiver. I'm having a... I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the process is as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences rather than us who are living in Asia because even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India, I need to travel to China, I need a visa and that process takes easily one to two months. And for that reason, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous IETF. Sure. I had explained that the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me in advance itself that it's not possible for you to make that decision. Unfortunately, I basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa. So, I have to go to India for a visa and then arrange for last minute travel because even last minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me are going to want to come to IETF. I'm been bringing work consistently to IETF. So, I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the Global South can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF, when they learned of a similar situation, actually did move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So, let me take that question, Miriam, because that's, this isn't an LLC matter. This is, the IETF chair matter. So, yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. The, you're exactly right. The IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach for the, for the, for the, the things giving out by the IETF chair is one month out and that's largely historically been done to, to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long-term kind of sustainment and adjustment. Yeah. And, and, and, and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF is run. So, there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for, for why those, why those, those fee waivers are handed out. But your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa, they have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges. So, it may take time for that paperwork to process. So, I'm going to take that feedback and look at, at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And I will come back to that. Okay. Thank you. So, I'm going to move on to the next question. And I'm not going to commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches. One, to continue doing it as, as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage the, to do an early tranche of approvals because I do, I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after typically meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So, stay tuned around. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Mark. Hi. Hi, Mark Nottingham. So, in the presentation, we said the secretariat contract is still being renegotiated. And I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Are there, can you communicate anything about why that is? Are there major sticking points? No. We can't explain anything about it. Okay. So, no to the first part, but not to the second. Well, no to the first one and no to the second one. So, there aren't any sticking points. Sorry. So, there are no, everything is continuing smoothly. These things just take some time. Okay. Thanks, Jay. Next up is Andrew. Hi. Good morning. Hopefully, good evening, rather. Hopefully, you can hear me. I just want to say, I was in the, I was in the, I was in the, I was in the, I was in the, I was in the ICAN meeting in Mumbai last week, which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue. ICAN's agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITF's. Yet, from my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So, I just wanted to urge the to consider India as a future venue. I think it'd be excellent for us to go there. And ICAN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. Pete? Hi. In the past couple of weeks, actually, once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments which at least are interpretable as the IETF LLT is not a good idea. I think the IETF LLC is the IETF. For some of us old crusty folks, that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That the SDO is completely independent of the LLC as sort of part of the charter of the LLC. That there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the IETF, as far as I know, the IETF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper, or if I'm missing something. Yeah. Thanks for bringing this up, Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there is anything. I don't know, Jay, if you want to comment on that. But I don't think we would say the LLC equals the IETF. No. Yeah. So to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the IETF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the IETF LLC is constructed to at times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was that the IETF LLC is constructed to at times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the IETF, then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up. And it will not be on behalf of those, because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the IETF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The IETF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role. And at times in that role, it has to be the IETF. The other one I gave you, for example, was the trading name. That the IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF of things. Okay? So what I am suggesting is that what I am saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation. And to say that that nuance view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem I have is if the IETF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason, I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't know. I don't think that makes the LLC the IETF. The IETF, the SDO is those 7,000 individuals. Now, I don't know how a court deals with that problem. But at least within the community, there has got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF, the SDO. And if for purposes of contracting and other things, a DBA does not bother me if the IETF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing business as the IETF, whatever. That's a business relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO I think is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. Well, thanks for pointing this out, Pete. I don't know how to respond to this at this stage. I wasn't in there when the comments were made. But we will discuss this and how to make sure to not come across as confusing apparently. Thanks. Jean? Hi, thanks. Jean-Francois. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with the visas. In our particular case, we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows. And unfortunately, we just got their approval two days too late corresponding to their flights. That's nobody's fault. I mean, it's just the way it goes. I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed, whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how they would apply to visas. So what we discovered that we ourselves, that's our fault, we did not pay attention to, the Chinese New Year was right in the middle. And so for 10, 12 days, the embassy was closed in Delhi. And that just delayed the whole thing. But would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and decent time to get the visas done. Because of that closure, it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that was ever a part of the thinking process. And if not, would it be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into on the way? Yeah, thanks, Jean. I'm not sure exactly. I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist for the meeting when you're planning. But it's a good point. It's probably not always going to be possible to add this into the planning cycle. But it's definitely something we can take into account. Thank you. Who's next? Eric. Hi. So there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting about the suitability of this venue and whether people would be able to attend. I can't help but say that I'm not sure. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in, the majority of the participants were remote. And also a huge fraction of leadership, including by my count, the majority of the IESG and the IAB are remote. Do you have any comments? Do you have any comments about what exactly? About the suitability of this venue in light of those facts. Well, I can point you to Roman's statistics that he showed. And the distribution of remote and on-site compared to other meetings. And I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to work really well, actually. Especially also for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization. Including you, by the way, I would notice. Yes, including myself. And I'm participating remotely. This is not the only ITF I'm not participating in. I'm not participating in any of the other ITFs. I'm not participating in person. I mean, so I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean, there are a lot of people on site. Especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems to have worked out well. I don't know if there are any other comments from other board members. Since the IESG was kind of mentioned kind of speaking from that. Yeah. There definitely is not the full complement of the IESG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are sponsored by kind of someone. And our ability to travel and participate in different venues is kind of contingent on said approval. And a number of parties, at least on the IESG, I won't speak for the other leadership bodies, were not kind of approved. And this is what that turnout kind of looks like. We're waiting from the IESG side at least. We are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on what was the experience of kind of all the participants. In particular, we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey. So we are going to have some after action, some perspective on what those experiences are. From the very kind of quick looks we had, participation may also be uneven. Right. So we're looking to kind of across areas about how much remote and is on site. But it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see any on the stage. Next up, Rahul again. So building on my question as well as Jean-Francois' question, is there any long-term consideration, by IETF, on the venue based on visa requirements? Because just for example here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. And I understand that the host would have some considerations. But in general, in the long term, and again, Bangkok was a very important place. So it's very difficult for us to build a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah, I mean, it's already hinted. I mean, we're also dependent on the host to a certain extent and, you know, finding venues, et cetera. And also, I think what we've explained earlier in our similar discussions is that it's also important to make sure we're, you know, kind of distributing the pain, if you will, and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas to go to other countries. So in this case, you know, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate. And so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people, you know, gets hit by difficulties each time. But yeah, I hear you. It's difficult to find the perfect venue for endeavors. So I think it's important to have that respect, that respect. No other comments from our side, I think, on that. No. Yes. I'm Miriam. It's strange to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment. But I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction. I'm very happy to be here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the visa. And all of that was extremely good. And frankly speaking, it's delightful. My first time in Shenzhen. I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right? Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that. And we are going to see what happens in November. I'm really curious. But we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous path for the IETF to continue in this direction. So that's one comment I would like to make. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work. And I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on Pete's comments. I think Pete makes a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides. And we should be very, very clear on the demarcation. Thank you. Thanks, Arnaud. Jason. Hi, Jason Livingood. This is in response to Pete's question. I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because I wasn't at any of those meetings when I heard things say. But I would encourage people to reread RFC 8711. Pretty straightforward. And section 4.3, the LLC is established to provide administrative support to the ITF. It has no authority over the standards development activities of the ITF. And it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting, fundraising, like fundraisers and so on, compliance in its legal home. So it was the case way back before the IASA 2 activity that the standards development plan was not in place. And I think it's important to note that the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, you know, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established that there would be a separation between the standards development activities, which are independent and operated by like the IASG and, you know, so on and so forth. And then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear. But I'm not clear on whatever the questions were. It might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion. And happy to help because unfortunately I think I might have been involved in some. Yes, thanks Jason. Thanks for clarifying this. And yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that RFC. Are there any comments from any of the panelists? No. No comments from any of the panelists. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Next up is Vittorio. Hi, Vittorio Bertola. I didn't plan to come at the mic, but I did want to offer a different perspective to what Eker said. I think that having and also to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing. Even if it means that many regulars are remote. Actually, I think this is exactly the purpose why the organization is so important. The international organizations rotate and meet in new places. It is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting to come at least one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue. And it is up to us, not up as many regulars. I don't know if I'm a regular by now. Not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contributors. And to this extent, I mean, to a certain extent, it was in multiple sessions. I saw drafts presented by newcomers being met with their usual, unfortunately, attitude by ITF regulars. So, I mean, condescending or outright hostility or just go away. So I know the ITF has been putting effort in this and changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there. And this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So in the end, yes. It's also something that I think is very important. I think that we have to think about how we can make sure that we are meeting with the ITF, the ITF members and the ITF leaders. And I think that we are not meeting with the ITF, the ITF members. Like I said, honestly, that there are so many members of the leadership here. I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here. But the fact that we had the largest meeting of the ITF ever and possibly the meeting with so little, maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever, is something we have to think about. Thank you. I appreciate your comments, Vittorio. Rohan? I support the fact that we came to China. Several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in San Francisco. We don't know exactly what the reasons are. But I think it's a very important question. san francisco and there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks it's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go we need to just suck it up okay just let let the process run um we need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here and not beat up everyone unless you have a unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go that is going to meet all of the requirements and is going to allow this this regular change of a venue so that things are are convenient for different people in different continents we just need to we need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other thank you thank you thanks for that um thank you so much and i will see you next week thank you bye-bye thank you thank you thanks for that comment um roberta hey folks um i have i don't know if this is the right place to ask this but i have a concern going to united states because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in the united states you can be you can be retained over there i wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have like a some kind of uh support for people that are going over there that are afraid because it's for any reason why right i i used to be an ethical hacker so i got some person of interest at least going on so i wanted to ask do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the united states and what are you planning as the country is on war right now right so uh how is going to be the support for attendees yeah um thanks for for bringing this up i know people are are concerned we discussed this before um and you know similar to this meeting i i believe it's for everybody is individual to you know decide um you know what the risks are and if you can make it or not i don't i'm not aware jay i don't know if you want to comment on that and if you can provide any legal support um for individuals i don't think we've done that in the past at least roberta no unfortunately that that's not something we can do it's um too expensive the liability is unlimited it really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves uh my my biggest concern is that uh you know during the visa process might be everything okay and then we arrive over there and i have some instead of the visa process i'm not sure if it's okay to do that but we keep the police on uh everyone is asked to deal with things like viola viola there are people who can take care of the affecting people all over the country and so people are being friends uh without knowing what exactlyング the issue but that is um i don't think we know how uh it can work i don't know how to orchestra video uh students and universities the risk characteristic is get a visa so um we're not fairly released to that point and we're not we're only um i don't know uh unless we actually have aRET no need to pass to today to get a visa but we've unfortunately not it's thanks to we've managed um the visa process we have like one I know it taking beci Gewert geertatti about 30 percent of the agent not nearly three years of experience of friends that that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming, sorry, coming to the US for that purpose, not going to work or anything like that, then, you know, there are very, in fact, I'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country, not, you know, people coming to this sort of thing. I thank you for the comment, but actually I have some instances because of, you know, DEFCON and everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry, but thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Warren Kamari, I think I'm next. Yes. Just a quick follow-on from what Anand said. I found this to be a great venue. Everything's worked really nicely. People have been great. Yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa, but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries. So, I think it's a great venue. I think it's a great venue. I think it's a great venue. I think it's a great venue. I think it's a great venue. I think it's a great venue. So, you know, we have a lot of people, participants from China. This, I think, is the right thing to do and good on us. Thanks, Warren. Martin. Hi. So, I'm not sure that the LSA board has really listened to the community when it comes to either China or the U.S. And I would suggest that geopolitics is very much the same. I think it's a great venue. I think it's a great venue. I think it's a great venue. I think it's a great venue. And I think it's a great venue. And I think it's a great venue. And I think it's a great venue. And I think it's a great venue. And I think it's one of the factors in making a decision. And I think that those people who have suggested otherwise are denying reality to some extent. So, I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard. And think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. If people are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people who turned up in person this time, if those people continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point, but yeah, I don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that. Nope. Ben. Hi there. Is my media working now? Yes. That's an excellent prelude to what I'm about to say. So I wanted to push back on Arnaud's point that this is about geopolitics. I actually come to the opposite conclusion of Martin about policy policy. I think it's a good point. I think it's a good point. I think it's a good point. I think that the IESG and the LLC were correct in their discussion with the community about this leading up to this election, that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right lodestar to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time, as geopolitics intrudes on our work more and more, I think there's a lot of work to be done. I think there's a lot of work to be done. I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world. The regulatory impositions we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique if you look at it in global context. So I would encourage the IESG and the LLC to take a careful and close look in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced, and to take that into account as you look at future venue selections, whether the sorts of challenges we've seen in the past, whether they're going to be as important as they've been in the future, or whether they're going to be as important as they've been in the future. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. So I think we're going to have to see if those challenges that we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective with the venues we select. Yeah, thanks for the suggestion, Richard. We'll definitely be doing that with any other venue that we're going to. Thanks. So Miriam, if I might, on that particular kind of topic, Richard, you highlight kind of a good point, which is that about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges. And is there, after any kind of meeting, a learning experience on, you know, is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future? So I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to GEN Dispatch. Tomorrow we have a draft being presented on the topic of network requirements. And if we, if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network kind of for the meeting, this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like. So please come to that discussion. The LLC, I think, ultimately, is going to be the one that's going to be the most important part of the discussion. I think, ultimately, anything on that that everybody can comment on at that will ultimately act on whatever is the community's consensus, the community consensus on what should be But the question I think is really from Pearson, I think, ultimately, is based on pencil tool requirements. and again, will, of course, the мон writers of this Mass Patient ERP definitely would act on whatever is the community consensus, the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria. I would encant, basically, rely on that as part of our ongoingろ Thanks for the plug for my draft. I wanted to flag that a bit more broadly, though, for the IESG and LLC. The question was posed to the LLC and to the IESG, will this meeting be effective. a play And we mentioned theister, between a experience at the IESG and another konnte part. ​ There was a proactive prediction that you guys tiver asked for somehow. to make and so I think as you're having board meetings IESG retreats things like that I think it would be useful for you these are bodies in you know internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turned out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future yeah thanks for that addition Tony hi Tony Lee I'm an American the way the unit United States government is operating right now the ITF cannot protect anyone the government is running around basically bands of thugs and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable we've seen them detain citizens we've seen them detain people who were illegally there there's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the US thanks Tony yeah I don't cannot comment on this this stage thanks for this piece of information anyone else wants to comment nope then I see one more Benjamin Thank you so as a new participant in meetings with the IETF the one thing that I have learned is at least from many of you is that work at the IETF happens on the mailing list so to me looking at the number of new participants within this group these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise So I personally am happy with this venue choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks, Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. We're a little over time, so I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great evening there if you're there in person. Miriam, before we sign off, Jay, do you want to repeat the social focused activity tonight with the light show that you sent out to the community? This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CN Nicaragua. So this will be starting at 8 p.m. for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city center. As a welcome to the IETF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the civic center where there will be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock. It's about 10, 15 minutes walk. You should see you all there. Jay? Is there another question? I guess not. The microphone is off. So. By the way. Enjoy. We have provided lots of social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take anyone. And. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I can do it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.