deterministic pass forwarding. Yes. Okay. It's this one. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I've got the slide so I'm in the wrong place. Yeah. Okay, just a minute. Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay, you've got it. All right. You have to give him the, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I was looking. All right. As we know, today's data center usually use the connotability with IP forwarding and usually BGP is the only used routing protocol. So this design is simple. It's designed simple for a reason. It's just because for reduce the cost, maximize the top. But whenever you go simple, there's always some limitation. So here in the simple design, all of those, you don't really have control is usually randomly passed to maximize the ECMP at every stage. And the BGP DPS on the other side is trying to separate a physical IP fabric into multiple logical fabric or color fabrics. And then we can map those two different kind of fabric to achieve not balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid fit sharing. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabrics. To further explain the DPS, let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPL pinning. This is a use case in the AML fabric. Well, today, when one GPU want to send data towards another GPU, we use, usually use the IDMA and the ROCKY V2 can be used to send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also allow them to partition the big chunk of data into n number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. So each chunk is identified by QPL in the ROCKY V2 header. So if we map different flows into different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the colored fabric has perfect not balancing. So this will help avoid the congestion proactively. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red tenant and a blue tenant, and they may have different SLA requirements and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric, and we map the red tenant towards the red fabric and blue tenant towards the blue fabric. This way, their traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other, and we could achieve different SRAs for different categories of tenant. There are also cases where people may want to avoid fit sharing. One such example is in the, again, in the AML fabric. You may want to go back towards the green fabric, while your data flow towards the red and blue fabric. So that your exception flow won't share the same fate as your data flow. The other use case is in the factories. People usually use the PRP, which stands for Paranal Redundant Protocol, to control those robots. What PRP do is it try to replicate each packet into two identical copies for redundancy. In case one copy is lost, the robot is still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through this joint path. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would help to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the EPGP session, the way we color the fabric is...