reference: All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here in the IESG, we have three outgoing members that I have had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Erik Kline is our outgoing Internet Area Director who has served three terms. Now, Erik, it has been a pleasure to serve with you because you have had a ruthless practicality on the IESG. You have helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of "is this topic worth waking up the U.S. West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda." And this other kind of approach, practical approach, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally differing kind of arrangement, like BPF, where we merged the open source community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The IESG is going to miss you and how you have kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque, and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Orie Steele, who is the outgoing Application and Realtime director who served one term. Orie, you are, in a sense, the triple threat. You masqueraded as the ART AD but you were also the Shadow SEC and WIT AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stats. This really helped us with all sorts of different work. I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated DISPATCH session. The IESG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So, Orie, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wouters, who is the outgoing Security Area Director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways. But, Paul, first up, I want to say thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a SEC area. So being a SEC area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area. How we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of, first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention, like, your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures, has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the IESG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the IESG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you outgoing ADs. So, Orie, we have a plaque for you in person. And, Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition. If we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. The dots are getting passed from incoming, from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And, Charles, you are going to get us started. Okay, everyone. I'm Charles Eckel, incoming ART AD. Andy Newton, ART AD. Orie Steele, outgoing ART AD. Roman Danyliw, GEN. Tommy Jensen, incoming INT AD. Erik, your turn. Erik Kline, INT AD. Sorry. Éric Vyncke, the other outgoing INT AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you want to serve as INT AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of OPS AD. Jim Guichard, Routing AD. Ketan Talaulikar, Routing AD. Gunter Van de Velde, outgoing and incoming Routing AD. Mohamed Boucadair, OPS AD. Deb Cooley, SEC AD. Chris Inacio, SEC AD. Mike Bishop, WIT AD. Gorry Fairhurst, renewing AD for WIT. Tommy? Tommy, didn't have a chance to turn on his video. So Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB Chair. Things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We are going to be down to only one Tommy and one Erik. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you are in the queue. No one wants to be first. I will be first. Hopefully, a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both DISPATCH on Monday and CATALIST later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing.A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much: Who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BoF proponents and/or DISPATCHers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BoF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in DISPATCH, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board, with in your sort of DISPATCH groups and BoFs, taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you will volunteer to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the DISPATCH chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need some, another type of form or something like that to fill out. So we should take that and try to work on it. Does anyone else from the IESG have any comments? Any of the owners of the DISPATCH working groups? We will definitely take that feedback. We have already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. We have heard that kind of welcome contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see it's going to be a work in progress, and we're going to work across the DISPATCH groups to tighten that up, realizing the DISPATCH is a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility. And it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Next up, Arnaud, I see you are in the queue as well. Yes, Roman. I just realized you were not here yesterday. As Dhruv has sent a question on my critique regarding the way we managed the agentic AI situation, so if it would be my study group, people would say Chair was the way forward. My complaint here a little bit is that three meetings, with three side meetings, at this level of entropy that is created and, in fact, it is good that people could discuss about it but we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. So that's a lot of time that we lost. Again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. That means it's from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here, to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do, I don't care. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So thoughts? Yeah, I would say we have heard from multiple angles, Arnaud, loud and clear that there's a tremendous amount of interest and passion in all dimensions of AI; and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you are making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all of that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And, in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things with the tightly bound charters and what is the approach to onramp it in there. The BoF that we just had in CATALIST is one of, I'm sure, many things we need to do. This is going to be a topic that the IESG takes up at its strategy meeting slash offsite about how to convert the energy not just in AI in side meetings, into structural things in the standards process. Roman, I just want to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim BoFs. It's a relatively new procedure. I have only seen one of them before. Francesca, previous ART AD, helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow ART ADs to take your requests. But I do think meetings between meetings is something we should definitely be considering, given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, Orie. So I cannot do that for you. I don't know enough what's possible. But that's a new possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, I know I have a live which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. We had the first meeting on a agentic AI this week thanks to Adrian and the team on the CATALIST. Great job. That's step one. For me step one started December 24. In 15 months, I am where I am; but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. Time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that have not been taken into account. There's a cultural issue with people with too much on the engineering side, on the bottom-up portion that don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. Please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. To solve the AI problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations and open source to kind of get us there. Okay. Thank you. So, Aijun, you are next in the queue. Aijun Wang from China Telecom. I have a similar concern for the working for agentic AI in IETF. In this meeting, there are about over 16 side meetings related to AI. And I think many of them, many of them contain or overlapped. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how they put forward this work in more formal manners. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, kind of, for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior, the CATALIST BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogenous topic. It intersects many, if not all, of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring in are intersections of the existing work that, of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's DISPATCH process or DISPATCH-like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes. Just because, again, something is AI, it does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke. Contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega DISPATCH experiment however many IETFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the, I'm very, I'm conscious probably more than most people how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an IETF, but I think we are drifting away from some of the things we are trying to achieve in that. In particular, the original concept was there be no counterprogramming to DISPATCH at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with everything else. We really wanted to keep it clear for the power users, for the power IETF users to be able to go to DISPATCH and comment on new work. I happen to be Chair of MOQ now. My working group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many IETF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. I just want to leave the comment with IESG. Let's try to preserve that model for DISPATCH to really get a lot of good cross-area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large DISPATCH experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we, of course, have ended up with a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together, like SEC, WIT, and ART, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Okay, next up Roberta. You are next in the queue. Hi. I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information, like, information about areas that might not be appliable to the engineering work, specifically that would be the known working groups. That might be foundational to people comprehend some of the terms that has connection with it. For example, for agentic AI agents and AI itself, where would be the place for you to put information related to how agents work and that part of the foundational models, those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts? Is there a place that we can join information and do maybe a state-of-art of some of the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it? I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture. But if you're asking for what would be, what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF, I think the answer would be to produce an ID, an Internet draft, and write that down and update it periodically. So you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. On this same topic, if you allow me to add, even if you talk to one area director, they can easily refer you to others. I have done it multiple times. DIEM as an ART started in INT, for instance. So it is quite common. We talk to each other. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? I'm pausing, waiting. James. James, we are getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, okay, you have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, IESG, thank you. And we will move to the next of our open mics. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. If all is well, George and Gonzalo will make their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote. There's Jay. I can see you taking seats.
hypothesis: All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach to practicality, practical approach, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF, where we merged the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Olly Steele, who is the outgoing application and realtor. Olly Steele is the outgoing application and realtor. She's been working with us for a long time. She worked with the R&D department. She's also the current real-time director who served one term. Olly, you're in a sense, the triple threat. You masqueraded as the R&D, but you're also the shadow sec and wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So Ori, really thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but you know, Paul, first up, I wanna say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a SEC area. So being a SEC area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area, how we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting, meeting efficiency, and the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is gonna take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you outgoing ADs. Thank you all. Thank you to the CDB for sponsoring this presentation. And that being said, we have a referral for Doesn't thekins Boulder Council as well. Thank you for all your service. And then before we get to the next person we'd like to invite Paul Mutsamani who is our Director of the הר! So he's the Director of I and he's the Director of Design at Το Topang for the Estel Foundation. He is a broad researcher on Hospitality Technology at the University of Arizona. And as as a former hak divers he is currently raising funds for program pitchers, The dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles We have a hybrid of course as you can see it kind of on the stage So we're gonna do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen and Charles you're gonna get us started Okay, hi everyone, I'm Charles Eccle incoming art ad Andy Newton RDD Or it's steel outgoing RDD Roman to Nilo Jen Tommy Jensen incoming int ad Eric So Eric the other everything the other ongoing entity and By the way stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be entity, please talk to me My hash management side of up city Jim Gishan routine ad Get on the loud you got out in any You know on the fella in an outgoing outgoing and incoming routing ad And women look at their obs I He ate I So much What a Go this ongoing secondary Already incoming ey Stitcher Like Bishop with Eddie Tommy? Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay, so the mic line is open. Questions for the IASG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully. A straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer, but I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line, as the... helpers, but especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with, in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs, taking on something like that, and I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you volunteered to write some text? I think that's a great idea. Um, I think that's a great idea. Um, I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters, and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need some another type of a form or something like that to fill out. So we should take that and try to work on it. All right. Does anyone else from the IHG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. So that's a great idea. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to have to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. OK, next up, Arno, I see you're in the queue as well. Yes, I am. And thank you. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Drew has sent the question on the on the on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agent situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that that's created and in fact, it's good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have we cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. We are not. So that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something and to be very direct, I would I would like to see a little bit more prescription. Just to use that word from from the leadership here to say the guidance is this whatever you guys want to do. Okay. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to to stop this this this entropy level. So thoughts. Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles are no like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side. Meaning, I think the the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the ITF with how we run things in tightly bound charters. And what is the approach to on ramp it in there? The boss that we just had in California. The analyst is one of those approaches. That is one of I'm sure many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the that the issue takes up at its at its strategy meeting slash kind of off site about how to convert the energy not just in AI inside meetings into structural things in the in the standards process. Hey Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between ITFs. We do have the capacity to do. Very, very good. So if you feel you could just speak to that. Yes, I would. I can. I'm just going to say that, you know, we're, we're not in the, in the digital world. I have what's called a virtual interim boss. It's a relatively new procedure I've only seen one of them before but Francesca previous art ad help set that up so if that's something that you're, you know, communities or groups that have been meeting inside meetings, would like to make use of I volunteer my two fellow rds to take your requests, but I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should, we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks. Sorry, so the, the. The, the. the I cannot do that for you I mean I don't know enough what what's possible but that that's a certain new possibility just as a point of benchmark and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states so we you we had the first meeting on this week thanks to Adrian and the team on the catalyst red job that's step one for me step one started December 24th so in 15 months I am where I am but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus alignments understanding creation restructuring so just think about the time it takes to get there and time is evaporating the industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment and we have a societal problem we have other requirements that are not being taken into account there is a future issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom-up approach and don't see certain requirements so we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well other Sdos working in this space so that we can accelerate each other that's my message thank you yeah strongly agree uh to solve the AI uh problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not not only this organization but it's going to be it's going to be a long-term solution I believe um we are very excited about all of these to solve with any future challenges as we go yeah and uh thank you for your uh this you don't hear about an sia thank you cathetel yeah uh thank you very much for coming in high school uh cic persuasion 이후 let's keep it going thank you uh thank you a DJ set of New York Cityhis Religious followers help sit in the chat as they have uh it's very Washington's Black Friday I am at what okay um what you're talking about a warriors documentary thosebardziej me in the previous podcast follow me in my next social media channel Okay so they're at yeah a Villa Jolin time network back in the IJ's live an own abusiveилf relokładong a jina a area 3 J minor since the Rmiyor was canceled today Igen Erica you know use this mini and then we've been envenra long term I mean like you're going to have sexual I think many of them content is overlapped. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in more formal manners. Okay. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said prior, the Catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we wanna bring in are intersections of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke, contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the... I'm very, I'm conscious probably more than most people of how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF, but I think we're drifting away from some of the things we were trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter-programming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to, you know, really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with anything else. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users. For the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I happen to be chair of the MOQ now. My work group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this, but I just wanted to leave the comment with the IHG. Let's try to preserve that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, kind of Martin. Where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we of course have ended up with a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like SEC, WIT and ART, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. It's been very helpful. Yeah, thank you. Okay, next up Roberta, you're next to me. Hi. Hi, I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information, like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work specifically that would be the non-working areas. Thank you. Okay, thanks. Thank you for this question. Thank you. working groups but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the you know some of the terms that has a connection with it for example for agentic AI agents and AI itself uh where uh would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that's part of you know the foundational models those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts is there a place that we can you know join information and do some maybe a state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it uh I don't pretend to understand the all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF I think the answer would be to produce an ID an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to end even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer you to others right and I've done it multiple times DM is in art he started in in for instance right so it's quite common thank you we talk to each other all right uh so I'm seeing the queue line uh empty would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment um pausing waiting James James we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic I think we have a hot mic James we okay you have dropped okay any other questions okay in that case uh isg thank you and we'll move to the next of our open mics thank you thank youedere none hello I hope you can hear me this is the LLC's open mic and if all is well George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote I I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats.
Word Error Rate: 0.295 (29.48%)
Substitutions: ['in-> at', 'iesg-> isg', 'i-> ive', 'erik-> eric', 'kline-> klein', 'erik-> eric', 'it-> its', 'you-> youve', 'iesg-> isg', 'you-> youve', 'differing-> different', 'iesg-> isg', 'you-> youve', 'orie-> olly', 'orie-> olly', 'you-> youre', 'art-> rd', 'you-> youre', 'stats-> stacks', 'iesg-> isg', 'orie-> ori', 'wouters-> wooters', 'want-> say', 'to-> kind', 'say-> of', 'in-> and', 'iesg-> isg', 'iesg-> isg', 'going-> gonna', 'so-> being', 'orie-> said', 'plaque-> referral', 'in-> your', 'person-> service', 'paul-> before', 'will-> person', 'mail-> wed', 'something-> like', 'you-> our', 'as-> director', 'well-> of', 'all-> the', 'right-> הר', 'we-> of', 'have-> i', 'historically-> and', 'had-> hes', 'transition-> design', 'if-> at', 'we-> το', 'can-> topang', 'have-> for', 'next-> technology', 'slide-> at', 'passing-> university', 'the-> program', 'dots-> pitchers', 'going-> gonna', 'you-> youre', 'are-> gonna', 'eckel-> eccle', 'art-> rdd', 'ad-> or', 'orie-> its', 'steele-> steel', 'art-> rdd', 'ad-> roman', 'roman-> to', 'danyliw-> nilo', 'gen-> jen', 'erik-> eric', 'your-> so', 'turn-> eric', 'erik-> the', 'kline-> other', 'int-> everything', 'outgoing-> ongoing', 'int-> entity', 'want-> interested', 'serve-> be', 'as-> entity', 'mahesh-> hash', 'ops-> up', 'ad-> city', 'guichard-> gishan', 'routing-> routine', 'ketan-> any', 'talaulikar-> you', 'routing-> know', 'ad-> on', 'gunter-> the', 'van-> fella', 'de-> in', 'velde-> an', 'mohamed-> their', 'boucadair-> obs', 'ops-> i', 'ad-> he', 'deb-> ate', 'cooley-> i', 'sec-> so', 'ad-> much', 'chris-> what', 'inacio-> a', 'sec-> go', 'ad-> this', 'mike-> ongoing', 'bishop-> secondary', 'wit-> already', 'ad-> incoming', 'gorry-> ey', 'fairhurst-> stitcher', 'renewing-> like', 'ad-> bishop', 'for-> with', 'wit-> eddie', 'we-> were', 'erik-> eric', 'iesg-> iasg', 'you-> youre', 'i-> ill', 'catalist-> catalyst', 'thinga-> a', 'andor-> or', 'sort-> assorted', 'will-> volunteered', 'iesg-> ihg', 'working-> workers', 'groups-> well', 'we-> weve', 'take-> taken', 'we-> weve', 'okay-> you', 'arnaud-> arno', 'you-> youre', 'roman-> thank', 'i-> you', 'dhruv-> drew', 'a-> the', 'managed-> manage', 'agentic-> agent', 'is-> thats', 'it-> its', 'its-> is', 'i-> okay', 'we-> weve', 'arnaud-> like', 'theres-> is', 'interest-> passion', 'passion-> interest', 'meeting-> meaning', 'you-> youre', 'ietf-> itf', 'with-> in', 'onramp-> ramp', 'bof-> boss', 'catalist-> analyst', 'iesg-> issue', 'offsite-> site', 'in-> inside', 'want-> wanted', 'ietfs-> itfs', 'bofs-> boss', 'i-> ive', 'helped-> help', 'your-> know', 'in-> inside', 'art-> rds', 'meetings-> meeting', 'orie-> sorry', 'live-> life', 'catalist-> catalyst', 'great-> red', '24-> so', 'have-> are', 'been-> being', 'theres-> is', 'cultural-> future', 'with-> are', 'portion-> approach', 'that-> and', 'in-> very', 'partnership-> excited', 'with-> about', 'many-> all', 'the-> with', 'other-> any', 'sdos-> future', 'and-> challenges', 'professional-> as', 'kind-> we', 'of-> go', 'organizations-> yeah', 'open-> your', 'source-> uh', 'to-> this', 'kind-> you', 'of-> dont', 'get-> hear', 'us-> about', 'there-> an', 'okay-> sia', 'so-> uh', 'aijun-> thank', 'are-> for', 'next-> coming', 'queue-> uh', 'aijun-> its', 'wang-> very', 'from-> washingtons', 'china-> black', 'telecom-> friday', 'have-> about', 'similar-> thosebardziej', 'concern-> me', 'for-> in', 'working-> previous', 'for-> podcast', 'agentic-> follow', 'ai-> me', 'ietf-> back', 'this-> the', 'meeting-> rmiyor', 'there-> was', 'are-> canceled', 'about-> today', 'over-> igen', '16-> erica', 'side-> you', 'meetings-> know', 'related-> use', 'to-> this', 'ai-> mini', 'think-> have', 'many-> sexual', 'of-> i', 'them-> think', 'contain-> content', 'or-> is', 'they-> we', 'catalist-> catalyst', 'homogenous-> homogeneous', 'want-> wanna', 'dispatchlike-> like', 'ietfs-> itfs', 'ietf-> itf', 'we-> were', 'are-> were', 'in-> with', 'there-> thered', 'everything-> anything', 'ietf-> itf', 'working-> work', 'ietf-> itf', 'want-> wanted', 'iesg-> ihg', 'to-> can', 'crossarea-> area', 'you-> youre', 'in-> to', 'the-> me', 'queue-> hi', 'appliable-> applicable', 'known-> you', 'you-> we', 'that-> thats', 'stateofart-> state', 'this-> the', 'add-> end', 'they-> he', 'i-> and', 'have-> ive', 'diem-> dm', 'as-> is', 'an-> in', 'int-> in', 'it-> its', 'im-> um', 'we-> were', 'iesg-> isg', 'we-> well']
Deletions: ['have', 'has', 'have', 'have', 'have', 'are', 'ad', 'were', 'to', 'to', 'going', 'to', 'ad', 'sorry', 'éric', 'vyncke', 'ad', 'int', 'ad', 'are', 'are', 'will', 'of', 'volunteer', 'will', 'have', 'welcome', 'are', 'ai', 'here', 'is', 'dont', 'care', 'have', 'are', 'of', 'the', 'side', 'have', 'side', 'ads', 'a', 'agentic', 'ai', 'kind', 'of', 'kind', 'of', 'to', 'work', 'that', 'of', 'the', 'existing', 'it', 'are', 'are', 'is', 'are', 'will']
Insertions: ['to', 'practicality', 'kind', 'of', 'kind', 'of', 'realtor', 'olly', 'steele', 'is', 'the', 'outgoing', 'application', 'and', 'realtor', 'shes', 'been', 'working', 'with', 'us', 'for', 'a', 'long', 'time', 'she', 'worked', 'with', 'the', 'rd', 'department', 'shes', 'also', 'the', 'current', 'that', 'kind', 'of', 'you', 'know', 'wanna', 'meeting', 'thank', 'you', 'all', 'thank', 'you', 'to', 'the', 'cdb', 'for', 'sponsoring', 'this', 'presentation', 'and', 'that', 'doesnt', 'thekins', 'boulder', 'council', 'as', 'well', 'thank', 'for', 'all', 'then', 'get', 'to', 'the', 'next', 'invite', 'paul', 'mutsamani', 'who', 'is', 'hes', 'the', 'director', 'director', 'of', 'estel', 'foundation', 'he', 'is', 'a', 'broad', 'researcher', 'on', 'hospitality', 'arizona', 'and', 'as', 'as', 'a', 'former', 'hak', 'divers', 'he', 'is', 'currently', 'raising', 'funds', 'for', 'to', 'it', 'hi', 'are', 'my', 'get', 'on', 'the', 'loud', 'you', 'got', 'out', 'in', 'outgoing', 'and', 'women', 'look', 'at', 'and', 'thing', 'and', 'um', 'i', 'think', 'thats', 'a', 'great', 'idea', 'um', 'i', 'think', 'thats', 'a', 'great', 'idea', 'a', 'all', 'right', 'so', 'we', 'welcome', 'so', 'thats', 'a', 'great', 'idea', 'thank', 'thanks', 'that', 'that', 'kind', 'of', 'a', 'have', 'to', 'ok', 'i', 'am', 'and', 'so', 'the', 'on', 'the', 'on', 'little', 'bit', 'of', 'in', 'and', 'here', 'times', 'we', 'cannot', 'have', 'we', 'are', 'not', 'and', 'so', 'it', 'i', 'would', 'from', 'to', 'this', 'this', 'are', 'no', 'there', 'the', 'on', 'california', 'the', 'those', 'approaches', 'that', 'is', 'one', 'of', 'and', 'that', 'the', 'at', 'its', 'kind', 'of', 'off', 'in', 'the', 'hey', 'very', 'very', 'good', 'so', 'if', 'you', 'feel', 'you', 'could', 'just', 'speak', 'to', 'that', 'yes', 'i', 'would', 'i', 'can', 'im', 'just', 'going', 'to', 'say', 'that', 'you', 'know', 'were', 'were', 'not', 'in', 'the', 'in', 'the', 'digital', 'world', 'i', 'have', 'whats', 'called', 'a', 'but', 'youre', 'you', 'that', 'we', 'should', 'the', 'the', 'the', 'the', 'the', 'mean', 'i', 'what', 'that', 'certain', 'and', 'so', 'you', 'we', '24th', 'and', 'and', 'there', 'and', 'uh', 'uh', 'not', 'its', 'going', 'to', 'be', 'a', 'longterm', 'solution', 'i', 'believe', 'um', 'we', 'are', 'these', 'to', 'solve', 'uh', 'thank', 'you', 'for', 'cathetel', 'yeah', 'very', 'much', 'high', 'school', 'uh', 'cic', 'persuasion', '이후', 'lets', 'keep', 'it', 'going', 'thank', 'you', 'uh', 'thank', 'you', 'a', 'dj', 'set', 'of', 'new', 'york', 'cityhis', 'religious', 'followers', 'help', 'sit', 'in', 'chat', 'as', 'they', 'have', 'am', 'at', 'what', 'okay', 'um', 'what', 'youre', 'talking', 'warriors', 'documentary', 'my', 'next', 'social', 'media', 'channel', 'okay', 'so', 'theyre', 'at', 'yeah', 'a', 'villa', 'jolin', 'time', 'network', 'the', 'ijs', 'live', 'an', 'own', 'abusiveилf', 'relokładong', 'a', 'jina', 'a', 'area', '3', 'j', 'minor', 'since', 'then', 'weve', 'been', 'envenra', 'long', 'term', 'mean', 'like', 'youre', 'going', 'to', 'yeah', 'dispatch', 'of', 'you', 'know', 'but', 'and', 'the', 'but', 'the', 'we', 'cross', 'kind', 'of', 'kind', 'of', 'its', 'been', 'very', 'helpful', 'yeah', 'thank', 'you', 'nonworking', 'areas', 'thank', 'you', 'okay', 'thanks', 'thank', 'you', 'for', 'this', 'question', 'thank', 'but', 'you', 'know', 'some', 'of', 'the', 'a', 'uh', 'uh', 'maybe', 'you', 'know', 'you', 'know', 'some', 'art', 'of', 'the', 'uh', 'the', 'an', 'or', 'of', 'the', 'information', 'that', 'you', 'want', 'but', 'if', 'youre', 'asking', 'for', 'what', 'would', 'be', 'an', 'or', 'what', 'would', 'be', 'an', 'organizational', 'kind', 'of', 'mechanism', 'organizational', 'kind', 'of', 'mechanism', 'to', 'capture', 'kind', 'of', 'and', 'thank', 'you', 'and', 'to', 'right', 'he', 'right', 'thank', 'you', 'uh', 'uh', 'we', 'uh', 'thank', 'you', 'thank', 'youedere', 'none', 'and', 'up', 'i', 'i', 'guess', 'george', 'is', 'still', 'there', 'oh', 'all', 'seats', 'taking', 'up', 'your']
