All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations and whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach to practice. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You did a passable approach. Get us got us great working groups that had our fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF, where we merge the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And you know, we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. All right. Next up is Olly Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Lori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the art AD, but you were also the shadow sec and wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. But the IASG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So, Lori, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a sec area. So being a sec area AD. With you was great because you pushed you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area, how we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective. I think that's really, really important. And we're still trying to keep our focus on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting if meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now, I suspect that the issue productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you. I think you did well. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right, so we have historically had the transition, if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see, kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to do the introduction. And then we're going to get us started. Okay, hi, everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming Art AD. Andy Newton, Art AD. Ort Steele, outgoing Art AD. Roman Danilio, Gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming Int AD. Eric. I'm going into AD. Sorry. So Eric, the other, Eric Ving, the other ongoing entity. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be an entity, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of ops AD. Jim Gishard, routine AD. Ketan Talalukar, routing AD. And then we have the next slide. Hunter Vandervelde, in and outgoing, outgoing and incoming routing AD. . Doug Cooley, SEC AD. Chris Anasio, SEC AD. Paul Waters, outgoing SEC AD. Druk Dhody, incoming IB chair. Mike Bishop, with AD. Gauri Ferhurst, renewing AD for WIT. Tommy? Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video. So Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB chair. Thank you. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. Mike line is open. Questions for the IASG? . Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. But I'm going to be honest. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I mean, I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I don't know. I don't know. I think we're going to have to have a very straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. . I wanted to ask these questions both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat. Who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty good work. I would love to see both of these. pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with, in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs, taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you're gonna volunteer to write some text? So I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. So we should take that and try to work on it. So we just have no idea of what the food sequence looks like to go with our how we roll. Thank you. All right. I've seen some people hold up some images. questions are pretty well known we just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions okay thanks for that concrete suggestion pete i think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to to tighten that up realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to hack to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization okay next up arnold i see you're in the queue as well yes hi roman uh just realized you were not here yesterday uh so as drew has sent the question on uh on the on my little bit critique regarding the the way we manage the agent ai uh situation so if it would be in my study group uh people would say chair was the way forward and my complaint a little bit here is that um three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that that's created and in fact it's good that people could discuss about it but we cannot take action we cannot have we cannot have consensus we cannot organize ourselves we are not creating charters we are not so that's a lot of time that we lost and again we need to have something just from a timing perspective in july so that means it is from now to july to do something and uh to be very direct i would i would like to see a little bit more prescription just to use that word from from the leadership here to say the guidance is this whatever you guys want to do okay but i think we need to be a bit more driven to um to stop this uh this this entropy level so thoughts are there any other questions that you have for us i think i would say we've heard from multiple angles or no like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of ai and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting i think the the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process uh and you know in a sense how do we do that there's i think there's an immediate way of looking at the different implant strategy connects when you are working with us because i think상 from in all sense if we move forward and we at the Powerhouse we're gonna always be in charge of the research that i feel we spent a lot of time on the top left side and uhающm epicamper that is that's gonna may very early in that 선다 Teach me not just an ai inside meetings into structural things in the in the system standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting, you know, between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim BOFs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca, previous R&AD, helped set that up. So if that's something that your, you know, communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow R&ADs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, Rory. So I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So I don't know if I can do that for you. I don't know if I can do that for you. I don't know if I can do that for you. I don't know if I can do that for you. I don't know if I can do that for you. We had the first meeting on Edge NTKI this week, thanks to Adrian and the team on the Catalyst. Great job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24th. So in 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. And time is evaporating, and the industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There's a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side, on the bottom-up approach, and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. So I think it's a great opportunity to solve the AI problem or AI standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional organizations and open source to get us there. Okay, thank you. So Ai-jen, you're next in the queue. Yeah. Ai-jen, I'm from China Telecom. I have a similar concern for the working of the AI. I'm working on the AI. I'm working on the AI. I'm working on the AI. I'm working on the AI. I'm working on the AI. I'm working on the AI. I'm working on the AI. I'm working on the AI. I'm working on the AI. The three agent agents got some up there, the two I handle with AI. So many of the residents are the one team that work for AI, the I'm a proud beating four basically. So they also but I don't really want to talk about the AI for a long time. I'm working, I'm working on the Ai warnings, formal manners okay yeah thank you thank you kind of for that feedback uh again to repeat a little bit of what i said kind of prior uh the catalyst buff is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the out of the side meanings i would also reiterate that uh ai is not a homogeneous topic uh it intersects it intersects many if not all of the areas we already have if the topics that we want to bring bring in our intersections of the existing work that we of the existing areas that we have each one of those has some mechanism to to onboard whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working groups so we should also leverage those processes just because again something is ai does not necessarily require a special onboarding path uh martin martin duke uh contrary to popular belief i'm not in tokyo um uh i was present at the the creation of the mega dispatch experiment however many itfs ago that was and i i kind of feel like the uh i'm very i'm conscious probably more than most people the how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an itf but i think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that um in particular the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch at all on on monday morning um that proved to be too hard i think pretty quickly we collapsed that to you know really self-contained groups that that really have no interaction with anything else but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users uh the power itf users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work and uh i i happen to be chair of the moq of moq now um my work group has actually moved to monday morning it contains many itf power users it moved back for other reasons unrelated to this but i just i just want to leave the comment with the isd let's let's try to preserve that that model for dispatch we can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas thanks yeah thank you uh thank you kind of martin uh where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together so we of course have ended up with this federated a rated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like sec wit and art but the other areas are distinct so we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction uh okay next up uh roberta you're next time hi uh i have a question related to maybe foundational uh knowledge for some of the issues that we have with ai i don't know if we have some of the necessary but may be foundational第三e one but i will to not only about the topic right in terms of the each of the service that has its uh would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of you know the foundational models those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts is there a place that we can you know join information and do so maybe a state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it uh i don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the ietf i think the answer would be to produce an id an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it and then you can then you can then you can then you can then you can then you can then you can then you can then you can then you can then you can then you can then you can have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to end even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer you to others right and i've done it multiple times dm is in art it started in in for instance right so it's quite common we talk to each other when you talk well it's not that's quite common but we have talked about this here many times but this is a first i think just one of our guest speakers and i'm going to hand over here to all right uh so i'm seeing the queue line uh empty would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, we – okay, you have dropped. Okay, any other questions? Okay, in that case, ISG, thank you, and we'll move to the next of our open mics. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's office. I'm sorry. This is the LLC's office. Open mic. And if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your –