All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations, and whether you know it or not, you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US west coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach to practicality. approach got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement, like BPF, where we merged the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The IESG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the Art AD, but you're also the Shadow Sec and Wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kinds of things. And I think that's really important to us. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The IESG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So Ori, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wouters, who is the outgoing security area director. He's served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways. But you know, Paul, first off, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two you to run a SEC area. So being a SEC area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area. How we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very low level. So I think that's a really important thing to think about. And I think that's a really important thing to think about. And I think that's a really important thing to think about. And I think that's a really important thing to think about. And I think that's a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you at Boeing ADs. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition, if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to, from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen and Charles, you're going to get us started. Okay. Hi everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming Art AD. Andy Newton, Art AD. Ort Steele, outgoing Art AD. Roman Danilo, Gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming Int AD. Eric, your turn. I'm going Int AD. Sorry. So Eric, the other, Eric Ving, the other ongoing Int AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be an Int AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of ops AD. Jim Guichard, routine AD. Okay. Keetan Talawlikar, Routing AD. Hunter van der Velde, in and outgoing, outgoing and incoming Routing AD. Momin Dukkade, Ops AD. Dirk Koolhaas, Sec AD. Chris Anasio, Sec AD. Paul Waters, outgoing Sec AD. Druk Dhodi, incoming IB Chair. Mike Bishop, With AD. Gauri Fairhurst, renewing AD for With. Tommy. Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video. So Tommy Pauly is going to be the next speaker. So, Tommy, you're on mute. Okay. All right. So, we're going to go to the next speaker. Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB Chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. You know, we're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IASG? Pete, I see your mic. All right. So, I'm going to go to the mic line. And I'm going to go to the mic line. And I'm going to go to the mic line. Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or pre-setting of the IAB, I think, would be a good idea. But I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. But I think the pre-set of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers. for dispatchers to answer, but I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers, but especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs taking on something like that, and I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you volunteered to write some text? So I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters, and they ask them to follow that template, but I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. We should. We should take that and try to work on it. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress, and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up. So I think that's a great idea. So I think that's a great idea. And I think that the dispatch is kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the Edge on TTI contract, I think it's important to say that we are working on a lot of things. We're working on We are working on a lot of things. We're working on a lot of things here in search of the future solutions. So the first reasons are some of the real dizendoatt對了 in population and it's also I believe these are the kind of things that people like you need to do to understand which issues people tend to reach. And so I just thought it would be sounds very exciting to me. And I guess we can't flexible and the Knight said, shall we continue to extendос and so we're getting more and more cash in the events. So sorry to pause too quickly on that idea of a pushes and so on. I referenced Communist自由 This euphoric question has curious who should be the general attorney for the new operation I kinda want to find out I've always wanted to be anين keer we're starting out a portrait Winter 구비 If we see the لاب died must know that we're, not I'm trying to put the hero façade That's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here, to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do, I don't care, but I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So, thoughts? Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles, Arnaud, like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI, and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the process. So, we need to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in tightly bound charters, and what is the approach to on ramp it in there? The BOF that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches. That is one of, I'm sure, many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the IETF is going to be working on. And I think that's going to be a big part of the discussion that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash kind of offsite about how to convert the energy, not just in AI and side meetings, into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim BOFs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before. Francesca, previous R&AD, helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow R&ADs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should definitely be considering, given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, Rory. So I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough what's possible. But that's a topic. I don't know what's possible. But that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we had the first meeting on Edge-Anti-KI this week, thanks to Adrian and the team on the Catalyst. Great job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24. So in 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. And time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. And we have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side, on the bottom-up approach, and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. To solve the AI problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional organizations and open source to kind of get us there. Okay. Thank you. So Ai-jen, you're next in the queue. Yeah. Ai-jen, I'm from China Telecom. I have a similar concern for the working of the AI agent in the ITF. In this meeting, there are about over 16 side meetings related to the AI. And I think many of them, many of them content is overlapped. So I think it is natural. Yeah. And it's necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in more formal manners. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior, the Catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is a very important part of the AI. We're able to do that. We're able to do that. We're able to do that. We're able to do that. We're able to do that. But we're also able to do that. And the thing I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we wanna bring in are intersections of the existing work that we, of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard whether it's dispatch process or dispatch-like working routes. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something is AI-based. I think that's a good point. And I think, again, it makes sense, right? That's a good point. I think it makes sense. I think it makes sense. I think it makes sense. existing areas that we have each one of those has some mechanism to to onboard whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working groups so we should also leverage those processes just because again something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path uh Martin yeah Martin Duke uh contrary to popular belief I'm not in Tokyo um uh I was present at the the creation of the mega dispatch experiment however many itfs ago that was and I I kind of feel like the uh I'm very I'm conscious probably more than most people the how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an itf but I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that um in particular the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch at all on on Monday morning um that proved to be too hard I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to you know um really self-contained groups that that really have no interaction with anything else but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users uh the power itf users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work and uh I I happen to be chair of the moq now um my work group has actually moved to Monday morning it contains many itf power users it moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this but I just I just want to leave the comment with the isd let's let's try to preserve that that um model for dispatch we really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas thanks yeah thank you uh thank you kind of Martin uh where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together so we of course have ended up with a federated federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like sec wit and art but the other areas are distinct so we're doing our best to schedule to degree possible for that deconfliction uh okay next up uh Roberta you're next time hi uh I have a question related to maybe from foundational uh knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work specifically that would be the known working groups but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the you know some of the terms that has a connection with it for example for agentic AI agents and AI itself uh where uh would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of you know the foundational models those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts is there a place that we can you know join information and do so maybe a state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it in engineering on top of it uh I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF I think the answer would be to produce an ID an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to end even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer you to others right and I've done it multiple times DM is in art he started an end for instance right so it's quite common thank you we go to each other all right so I'm seeing the queue line uh empty would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment pausing waiting James foreign foreign foreign out games we're getting a Tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, we, okay, you have dropped. Okay, any other questions? Okay, in that case, ISG, thank you. And we'll move to the next of our open mics. Thank you. Hello, I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage. While Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats.