All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US west coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach to it, practicality. Eric Klein is our area director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you. And here at the ISG, we have three different members that have served three terms. One is Eric Klein, who's been a very active member of the ISG. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you. And this other kind of approach to it, practical approach, got us great working groups that had our fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF, where we merge the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So, thank you for your service. And, you know, we are virtually giving you a plaque, and we will send one in the mail to you. real-time director who served one term. Lori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the art AD, but you were also the shadow sec and wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. But the IASG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So, Lori, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a sec area. So being a sec area AD. With you was great because you pushed you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area, how we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective. And I think in order to get better honor means not just things that we couldn't manage inside but to also reach folks that are out there and on the ground and in individuals that are reaching out. So I think for the community it really has affected us. You are the state, you are the people who are very close to the controller, who are win-win partners. And I think both of you and I stand above two points in yourечат, which are co-ammenting what I'm trying to say, Pål. And it's really hands-on and touching but also the performing state that you're working in. And we understand there, I think, is something that we have to really all come together about improving how you grandeur in your office. It's a big statement. So weока, the number of gesw. Well, that why the digital wealth of your thinking. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right, so we have historically had the transition, if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see, kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to do the introductions. And then we're going to get us started. Okay, hi, everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming Art AD. Andy Newton, Art AD. Ort Steele, outgoing Art AD. Roman Danilo, Gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming Int AD. Eric. I'm going into AD. Sorry. So Eric, the other, Eric Ving, the other ongoing Int AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be an Int AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of ops AD. Jim Gishard, Routing AD. Ketan Talalukar, Routing AD. And then we have the next slide. So we have the next slide. So we have the next slide. Koumantou, Routing AD. Giner Van der Velde, in and outgoing, outgoing and incoming Routing AD. Momenou Kader, ops AD. Doug Cooley, SEC AD. Chris Anasio, SEC AD. Paul Waters, outgoing SEC AD. Druk Dhodi, incoming AIB , Chef. Mike Bishop, with AD. Gauri Ferhurst, renewing AAD for WIT. Tommy? Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB and things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay, so the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. Okay. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. Okay. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer, but I don't know that we necessarily have a enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers, but especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with, in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs, taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteer. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. It just means I probably volunteer to write some text. Did you just say you're going to volunteer to write some text? So, I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters, and they ask them to follow that template, but I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out, so we should take that and try to work on it. Sorry. All right. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that, but I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress, and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up. Realizing that the dispatches are kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agent API situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created and in fact is good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. We are not. So that's a lot of time that we lost. So I think that's a good point. Thank you. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do, okay. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So I think that's a good point. Yeah. I would say we've heard from multiple angles, I know like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. Yeah. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in tightly bound charters and what is the approach to on ramp it in there. The BOF that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of I'm sure many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash offsite about how to convert the energy. Not just in AI inside meetings into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim BOFs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca, previous R&AD helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings, would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow R&ADs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, Rory. So I cannot do that for you. I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So you had the first meeting. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. This week, thanks to Adrian and the team on the Catalyst. Great job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24th. So in 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there, and time is evaporating, the industry burning billions of frictions at the moment and we have a societal problem we have other requirements that are not being taken into account there is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom-up approach and don't see certain requirements so we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well other sdos working in this space so that we can accelerate each other that's my message thank you yeah strongly agree uh to solve the ai problem or ai kind of standardization is going to take not not only this organization but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other sdos and professional kind of organizations and open source to to kind of get us get us there uh okay thank you uh so ijen you're next in the queue yeah i do i'm from the title i have the similar concern for the working of the agent is the itf you know in this meeting there are about over 16 side meetings related to the ai and i think many of them contain of many content many of them contained either overlapped so i think it is necessary to determine quickly how we can uh uh put forward this work you want more formal manners okay yeah thank you thank you cut it for that feedback uh again to repeat a little bit of what i said kind of prior uh the catalyst buff is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the out of the side meetings i would also reiterate that ai is not a homogeneous topic uh it intersects uh it intersects with other topics and i think it's going to be interesting to see how that works and how we can make that happen and i think that's something we've been working on as a team for quite a while now and i hope that uh we can uh we can continue to work on that uh i think it's going to be interesting to see how we can uh uh i think it's going to be interesting to see how we can uh many if not all of the areas we already have if the topics that we want to bring bring in our intersections of the existing work that we of the existing areas that we have each one of those has some mechanism to to onboard whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working groups so we should also leverage those processes just because again something is ai does not necessarily require a special onboarding path uh martin yeah martin duke contrary to popular belief i'm not in tokyo um uh i was present at the the creation of the mega dispatch experiment however many itfs ago that was and i i kind of feel like the uh i'm very i'm conscious probably more than most people the how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an itf but i think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that um in particular the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch at all on on monday morning um that proved to be too hard i think pretty quickly we collapsed that to you know really self-contained groups that that really have no interaction with anything else but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users uh the power itf users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work and uh yeah i happen to be chair of the mo key of the power itf users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work and uh i i happen to be chair of moq now um my working group has actually moved to monday morning it contains many itf power users it moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this but i just i just want to leave the comment with biased let's try to preserve that that model for dispatch we really get a lot of good cross-area review of these new ideas thanks yeah thank you uh thank you karen martin uh where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together so we of course have ended up with a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like SEC, WIT, and ART, but the other areas are distinct so we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Okay next up Roberta, you're next. Hi, I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work at specific that would be the known working groups but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the you know some of the terms that has a connection with it for example for agentic AI agents and AI itself where would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of you know the foundational models those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts is there a place that we can you know join information and do some maybe a state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it? I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF I think the answer would be to produce an I.D. an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. And on the same topic if you allow me to to add even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer to the IETF and say you know what I'm doing here and I'm going to do this and I'm going to do that. Would anyone else like to give into that discussion? You've already read it in two steps. all right. I will cue the Q and A and if I read the last one I'll send it to the Good evening call the question There it is. We're going to get started. Then I don't know if I've ever reached this point. If you may take it. No, you started it. Yeah, no, thank you. Well, if you've got a lot of questions on there Jason please that's great. I will let Susan track it for this webinar if we can make a reply. I'll send a note to excuse your response I'm giving a note 그렇지 to to ask çok bak<|bg|> but I'm reнитьleg problems I finally get that. Thank you very much Micha for sharing your insights with Adrienne Lees. I'm Dr. I'm pausing, waiting. James. James. James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, we, okay, you have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, ISG, thank you. And we'll move to the next of our open mics. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage. While Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you. Oh, taking seats. Taking up your seats.