reference: All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here in the IESG, we have three outgoing members that I have had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Erik Kline is our outgoing Internet Area Director who has served three terms. Now, Erik, it has been a pleasure to serve with you because you have had a ruthless practicality on the IESG. You have helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of "is this topic worth waking up the U.S. West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda." And this other kind of approach, practical approach, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally differing kind of arrangement, like BPF, where we merged the open source community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The IESG is going to miss you and how you have kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque, and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Orie Steele, who is the outgoing Application and Realtime director who served one term. Orie, you are, in a sense, the triple threat. You masqueraded as the ART AD but you were also the Shadow SEC and WIT AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stats. This really helped us with all sorts of different work. I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated DISPATCH session. The IESG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So, Orie, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wouters, who is the outgoing Security Area Director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways. But, Paul, first up, I want to say thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a SEC area. So being a SEC area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area. How we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of, first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention, like, your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures, has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the IESG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the IESG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you outgoing ADs. So, Orie, we have a plaque for you in person. And, Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition. If we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. The dots are getting passed from incoming, from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And, Charles, you are going to get us started. Okay, everyone. I'm Charles Eckel, incoming ART AD. Andy Newton, ART AD. Orie Steele, outgoing ART AD. Roman Danyliw, GEN. Tommy Jensen, incoming INT AD. Erik, your turn. Erik Kline, INT AD. Sorry. Éric Vyncke, the other outgoing INT AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you want to serve as INT AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of OPS AD. Jim Guichard, Routing AD. Ketan Talaulikar, Routing AD. Gunter Van de Velde, outgoing and incoming Routing AD. Mohamed Boucadair, OPS AD. Deb Cooley, SEC AD. Chris Inacio, SEC AD. Mike Bishop, WIT AD. Gorry Fairhurst, renewing AD for WIT. Tommy? Tommy, didn't have a chance to turn on his video. So Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB Chair. Things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We are going to be down to only one Tommy and one Erik. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you are in the queue. No one wants to be first. I will be first. Hopefully, a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both DISPATCH on Monday and CATALIST later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing.A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much: Who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BoF proponents and/or DISPATCHers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BoF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in DISPATCH, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board, with in your sort of DISPATCH groups and BoFs, taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you will volunteer to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the DISPATCH chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need some, another type of form or something like that to fill out. So we should take that and try to work on it. Does anyone else from the IESG have any comments? Any of the owners of the DISPATCH working groups? We will definitely take that feedback. We have already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. We have heard that kind of welcome contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see it's going to be a work in progress, and we're going to work across the DISPATCH groups to tighten that up, realizing the DISPATCH is a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility. And it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Next up, Arnaud, I see you are in the queue as well. Yes, Roman. I just realized you were not here yesterday. As Dhruv has sent a question on my critique regarding the way we managed the agentic AI situation, so if it would be my study group, people would say Chair was the way forward. My complaint here a little bit is that three meetings, with three side meetings, at this level of entropy that is created and, in fact, it is good that people could discuss about it but we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. So that's a lot of time that we lost. Again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. That means it's from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here, to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do, I don't care. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So thoughts? Yeah, I would say we have heard from multiple angles, Arnaud, loud and clear that there's a tremendous amount of interest and passion in all dimensions of AI; and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you are making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all of that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And, in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things with the tightly bound charters and what is the approach to onramp it in there. The BoF that we just had in CATALIST is one of, I'm sure, many things we need to do. This is going to be a topic that the IESG takes up at its strategy meeting slash offsite about how to convert the energy not just in AI in side meetings, into structural things in the standards process. Roman, I just want to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim BoFs. It's a relatively new procedure. I have only seen one of them before. Francesca, previous ART AD, helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow ART ADs to take your requests. But I do think meetings between meetings is something we should definitely be considering, given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, Orie. So I cannot do that for you. I don't know enough what's possible. But that's a new possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, I know I have a live which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. We had the first meeting on a agentic AI this week thanks to Adrian and the team on the CATALIST. Great job. That's step one. For me step one started December 24. In 15 months, I am where I am; but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. Time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that have not been taken into account. There's a cultural issue with people with too much on the engineering side, on the bottom-up portion that don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. Please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. To solve the AI problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations and open source to kind of get us there. Okay. Thank you. So, Aijun, you are next in the queue. Aijun Wang from China Telecom. I have a similar concern for the working for agentic AI in IETF. In this meeting, there are about over 16 side meetings related to AI. And I think many of them, many of them contain or overlapped. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how they put forward this work in more formal manners. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, kind of, for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior, the CATALIST BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogenous topic. It intersects many, if not all, of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring in are intersections of the existing work that, of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's DISPATCH process or DISPATCH-like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes. Just because, again, something is AI, it does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke. Contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega DISPATCH experiment however many IETFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the, I'm very, I'm conscious probably more than most people how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an IETF, but I think we are drifting away from some of the things we are trying to achieve in that. In particular, the original concept was there be no counterprogramming to DISPATCH at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with everything else. We really wanted to keep it clear for the power users, for the power IETF users to be able to go to DISPATCH and comment on new work. I happen to be Chair of MOQ now. My working group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many IETF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. I just want to leave the comment with IESG. Let's try to preserve that model for DISPATCH to really get a lot of good cross-area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large DISPATCH experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we, of course, have ended up with a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together, like SEC, WIT, and ART, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Okay, next up Roberta. You are next in the queue. Hi. I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information, like, information about areas that might not be appliable to the engineering work, specifically that would be the known working groups. That might be foundational to people comprehend some of the terms that has connection with it. For example, for agentic AI agents and AI itself, where would be the place for you to put information related to how agents work and that part of the foundational models, those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts? Is there a place that we can join information and do maybe a state-of-art of some of the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it? I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture. But if you're asking for what would be, what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF, I think the answer would be to produce an ID, an Internet draft, and write that down and update it periodically. So you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. On this same topic, if you allow me to add, even if you talk to one area director, they can easily refer you to others. I have done it multiple times. DIEM as an ART started in INT, for instance. So it is quite common. We talk to each other. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? I'm pausing, waiting. James. James, we are getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, okay, you have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, IESG, thank you. And we will move to the next of our open mics. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. If all is well, George and Gonzalo will make their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote. There's Jay. I can see you taking seats.
hypothesis: All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations and whether you know it or not, you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the U.S. West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach to practicality? Eric Klein. Yes. You're right. well approach get us got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like bpf where we merge the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the ietf works on the isg is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused so thank you for your service and you know we are virtually uh giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you uh next up is ori steel who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term uh lori you're in a sense the triple threat uh you masqueraded as the art ad but you're also the shadow sec and wit ad with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks this really helped us with all sorts of different work that i think everyone would agree we we have at the intersection uh of those kind of three areas which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session uh the isg is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's going on in the community and what's going on in the community and what's going on in the open source community so ori really thank you so much for your service and last up is paul wooders who is the outgoing security area director he served two terms uh so i can do this a lot of different ways but you know paul first up i want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board it takes two to run a sec area so being a sec area ad with you uh was great because you pushed uh you pushed us in the initial process i Elect voice over because i think that know a little when it to be dass a different thing but i had a lot of experiences with control over video editing there and i grafted those videos was amazing so i just wanted to give um stand to be on a different level s i'm Director of Community Golf and 교宅 i drove everywhere trying to solve problems and also 아까imiento trying to get a mix with uh villages across the state or f son it was a bit tough i'm glad that it was a process that that pulled all us together but i want to say thank you um we thank you for thelike 3000 club dusty we had the same years for the activities d precedence yola and berkeley for collaborating and uh ensure a community to on the tomat in front of next week we want to thank you so much mean the staff for your If meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you at Boeing ADs. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition, if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dot. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see, kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to get us started. Okay. Hi, everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming ART AD. Andy Newton, ART AD. Orit Steer. And I'm Paul. And I'm Paul. I'm Daniel Parker, добав circumstance fancy. Emil geek, on UMC NC, Outgoing admitted to AD and working opportunity data. We've got bra Ecology rushed out of work to Ad volume 30 yaz 3000, we chose your coming Andy. Just to clarify all of these results atgreめて , we have a taxi at F orchestrated order at32, new Eric, and by the way, stepping down next year. So if you'd like to turn off the livemaking portion of our lead, or if you could just please come and get us live with an Michaela, wrap it up for being on tap. All right. Sure. So if you are interested to be an entity, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of Ops. Jim Gishard, Routing ID. Ketan Talawlikar, Routing ID. Kuntur Vandervelde, outgoing and incoming Routing ID. Momin Dukadar, Ops. Devkuli Sekedi. Chris Anasio, Sekedi. Palwata's outgoing Sekedi. Drogdhodi, incoming IAB Chair. Mike Bishop, WIT ID. Gauri Fairhurst, renewing AAD for WIT. Tomi, IAB Chair. Tomi? Tomi didn't have a chance to turn on his video, so Tomi Pauly is the outgoing IAB Chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tomi and one Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IASG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one. Although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, you know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. They'll be very much. Who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer, but I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. but especially in dispatch that doesn't happen as much and if they can't answer those questions it's probably not time to present so I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your assorted dispatch groups and boffs taking on something like that and I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text did you just say you're gonna volunteer to write some text I think that's a great idea it's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template but I agree that we probably do need a some another type of a form or something like that we should take that and try to work on it just anyone else from the ISG have any comments yes any of the owners of the dispatch workers yeah well we've definitely taken that feedback uh we've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that so we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to to help us with that but I think some of those questions are pretty well known we just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions okay thanks for that concrete suggestion Pete I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to to tighten that up realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to hack to onboard New York because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization okay next up Arno I see you're in the queue as well yes hi Roman uh just realized you were not here yesterday so as Drew has sent the question on the on the on my little bit the critique regarding the the way we manage the edge on CTI situation so if it would be in my study group uh people would say chair was the way forward and my complainer little bit here is that um three meetings with three timeside meetings at this level of that's created and in fact is good that people could discuss about it but we cannot take action we cannot have we cannot have consensus we cannot organize ourselves we are not creating shelters we are not so that's a lot of time that we lost and again we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July so that means it is from now July to do something and to be very direct I would I would like to see a little bit more prescription just to use that word from from the leadership here to say the guidance is this whatever you guys want to do okay but I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this this entropy level so so yeah I would say we've heard from multiple angles are no like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in the development of the system and the development of the system and the development of the system and the development of the in all dimensions of AI and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting I think the the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process and you know in a sense how do we do that recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in tightly bound charters and and you know what is the approach to on ramp it you know in there the bof you know that we just had in catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of I'm sure many things we we need to do and this is going to be a topic that the that the ISU takes up at its uh at its uh strategy meeting slash kind of off-site about how to convert the energy not just in AI inside meetings into structural things in the in the standards process hey uh Roman I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting you know between IETFs um we do have the capacity to do virtual interim bofs it's a relatively new procedure I've only seen one of them before but Francesca previous art ID helped set that up so if that's something that uh your you know communities or groups that have been meeting inside meetings would like to make use of I volunteer my two fellow art IDs to take your requests but I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should we should definitely be given the level of interest thanks uh thanks sorry so the the uh I cannot do that for you I mean I don't know enough what what's possible but that that's certainly a possibility just as a point of Benchmark and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states so we you we had the first meeting on agentiki this week thanks to Adrian uh and and the team on the catalyst great job that's step one for me step one started in 2024. so in 15 months I am where I am but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus alignments understanding creation restructuring so just think about the time it takes to get there and time is evaporating the industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment and we have a societal problem we have other requirements that are not being taken into account there is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom-up approach and don't see certain requirements so we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other that's my message thank you yeah strongly agree uh to solve the AI uh problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not not only this organization but it's going to be in international kind of organizations and open source to to kind of get us get us there uh okay thank you uh so Ijun you're next in the queue yeah I do I'm from China Telecom I have the uh similar uh cancer for the uh working of the agent is uh ITF you know uh in this meeting there are about uh over 16 side meetings related to the AI and I think many of them were contained of many uh many of them contained either overlapped uh so uh I think it is uh necessary to determine quickly uh how we uh put forward this work in one more formal manners okay yeah thank you thank you kind of for that feedback uh again to repeat a little bit of what I said cut up prior uh the catalyst Both is certainly one attempt to take control control and all reallyガ i'mジ煮 to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring in are intersections of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch-like working routes. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke, contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the, I'm very conscious probably more than most people of how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF. But I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter-programming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with anything else. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users, for the power ITFs. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I happen to be chair of the MOQ now. My work group was actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. But I just wanted to leave the comment with the IHG. Let's try to preserve that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large dispatch experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas together. So we, of course, have ended up with a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together, like SEC, WIT, and ART. But the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Thank you. Thank you. OK, next up, Roberta. You're next. Hi. Hi. I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work, specifically that would be the non-working groups. But that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the terms that has connection with it. For example, for agents, AI agents, and AI itself, where would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of the foundational models, those kind of information that might make difference for the way that people, people do drafts? Is there a place that we can join information and do some, maybe a state of art of some of the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it? I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture. But if you're asking for what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture. Capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF. I think the answer would be to produce an ID, an internet draft, and kind of write that down and update it periodically. And so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. Thank you. And on the same topic, if you allow me to add, even if you talk to one area director, it can easily refer you to others. Right? And I've done it multiple times. DM is in art. It started in N, for instance. Right? So it's quite common. Thank you. We talk to each other. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. All right. Above us there's nobody here. I'm pausing waiting. James. James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic m eu of getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mike. I think we might have one more or maybe we'll continue. I'm really good with that. I can tell I know when you enjoy questions uses a strength l variety of products that think we have a hot mic james we okay you have dropped okay any other questions okay in that case uh isg thank you and we'll move to the next of our open mics hello i hope you can hear me this is the llc's open mic and if all is well george and gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while roman and i are remote i i guess george is still there oh there's jay i can see you all taking seats taking a seat and i'm gonna go to the next one okay so i'm gonna go to the next one please so
Word Error Rate: 0.310 (30.97%)
Substitutions: ['in-> at', 'iesg-> isg', 'i-> ive', 'erik-> eric', 'kline-> klein', 'now-> eric', 'erik-> its', 'you-> youve', 'iesg-> isg', 'you-> youve', 'practical-> well', 'differing-> different', 'merged-> merge', 'iesg-> isg', 'you-> youve', 'orie-> ori', 'steele-> steel', 'orie-> uh', 'you-> lori', 'are-> youre', 'you-> youre', 'stats-> stacks', 'iesg-> isg', 'happening-> on', 'other-> the', 'sdos-> community', 'orie-> ori', 'wouters-> wooders', 'area-> because', 'to-> i', 'differently-> little', 'about-> when', 'how-> it', 'manage-> i', 'the-> had', 'area-> a', 'how-> lot', 'we-> of', 'did-> experiences', 'it-> with', 'before-> control', 'is-> over', 'not-> video', 'necessarily-> editing', 'how-> there', 'we-> and', 'should-> i', 'do-> grafted', 'it-> those', 'in-> videos', 'the-> was', 'future-> amazing', 'kind-> director', 'first-> everywhere', 'thank-> trying', 'you-> to', 'for-> solve', 'that-> problems', 'i-> and', 'wanted-> trying', 'mention-> mix', 'like-> with', 'your-> uh', 'community-> villages', 'your-> across', 'outlook-> the', 'on-> state', 'ensuring-> or', 'that-> f', 'the-> son', 'community-> it', 'is-> was', 'welcoming-> a', 'we-> bit', 'think-> tough', 'about-> im', 'newcomers-> glad', 'in-> that', 'our-> it', 'processes-> was', 'and-> a', 'procedures-> process', 'has-> that', 'also-> that', 'really-> pulled', 'pushed-> all', 'forward-> want', 'getting-> thelike', 'a-> 3000', 'broader-> club', 'perspective-> dusty', 'on-> we', 'all-> had', 'work-> d', 'thats-> precedence', 'happening-> yola', 'terms-> front', 'iesg-> isg', 'iesg-> isg', 'outgoing-> boeing', 'orie-> ori', 'dots-> so', 'you-> youre', 'eckel-> zuckel', 'orie-> umc', 'steele-> nc', 'art-> to', 'roman-> bra', 'danyliw-> ecology', 'gen-> rushed', 'tommy-> out', 'jensen-> of', 'incoming-> work', 'int-> to', 'erik-> chose', 'turn-> results', 'erik-> atgreめて', 'kline-> we', 'int-> have', 'ad-> a', 'sorry-> taxi', 'éric-> at', 'vyncke-> f', 'the-> orchestrated', 'other-> order', 'outgoing-> at32', 'int-> new', 'ad-> eric', 'you-> youd', 'want-> like', 'serve-> if', 'as-> you', 'int-> could', 'ad-> just', 'guichard-> gishard', 'ad-> id', 'talaulikar-> talawlikar', 'ad-> id', 'gunter-> kuntur', 'van-> vandervelde', 'ad-> id', 'mohamed-> momin', 'boucadair-> dukadar', 'ad-> anasio', 'deb-> sekedi', 'cooley-> palwatas', 'sec-> outgoing', 'ad-> sekedi', 'chris-> drogdhodi', 'inacio-> incoming', 'sec-> iab', 'ad-> chair', 'ad-> id', 'gorry-> gauri', 'ad-> aad', 'tommy-> tomi', 'tommy-> tomi', 'tommy-> tomi', 'we-> were', 'tommy-> tomi', 'erik-> eric', 'iesg-> iasg', 'you-> youre', 'i-> ill', 'catalist-> catalyst', 'thinga-> a', 'andor-> or', 'sort-> assorted', 'bofs-> boffs', 'you-> youre', 'will-> gonna', 'does-> just', 'iesg-> isg', 'working-> workers', 'groups-> yeah', 'we-> well', 'will-> weve', 'take-> taken', 'we-> uh', 'have-> weve', 'work-> york', 'arnaud-> arno', 'you-> youre', 'i-> uh', 'dhruv-> drew', 'a-> the', 'managed-> manage', 'agentic-> on', 'ai-> cti', 'complaint-> complainer', 'side-> timeside', 'entropy-> thats', 'charters-> not', 'its-> is', 'i-> okay', 'thoughts-> so', 'we-> weve', 'arnaud-> like', 'theres-> is', 'passion-> the', 'you-> youre', 'with-> in', 'onramp-> ramp', 'catalist-> catalyst', 'iesg-> isu', 'in-> inside', 'want-> wanted', 'i-> ive', 'ad-> id', 'in-> inside', 'ads-> ids', 'meetings-> meeting', 'orie-> sorry', 'live-> life', 'a-> agentiki', 'catalist-> catalyst', 'december-> 2024', '24-> so', 'have-> are', 'been-> being', 'theres-> is', 'cultural-> culture', 'with-> are', 'portion-> approach', 'that-> and', 'partnership-> international', 'aijun-> ijun', 'you-> youre', 'aijun-> do', 'wang-> im', 'a-> uh', 'concern-> cancer', 'for-> uh', 'agentic-> itf', 'ai-> you', 'in-> know', 'ietf-> uh', 'contain-> contained', 'or-> either', 'they-> uh', 'kind-> cut', 'of-> up', 'catalist-> catalyst', 'bof-> both', 'homogenous-> homogeneous', 'groups-> routes', 'ietfs-> itfs', 'ietf-> itf', 'we-> were', 'we-> were', 'in-> with', 'there-> thered', 'everything-> anything', 'ietf-> itf', 'working-> work', 'has-> was', 'ietf-> itf', 'want-> wanted', 'iesg-> ihg', 'to-> can', 'crossarea-> area', 'okay-> thank', 'next-> you', 'up-> thank', 'are-> ok', 'in-> roberta', 'the-> youre', 'queue-> next', 'appliable-> applicable', 'known-> nonworking', 'working-> groups', 'groups-> but', 'agentic-> agents', 'you-> we', 'informations-> information', 'stateofart-> state', 'this-> the', 'they-> it', 'i-> and', 'have-> ive', 'diem-> dm', 'as-> is', 'an-> in', 'int-> n', 'it-> its', 'we-> eu', 'are-> of', 'mic-> mike', 'iesg-> isg', 'we-> well']
Deletions: ['have', 'it', 'has', 'have', 'have', 'have', 'were', 'are', 'ad', 'de', 'velde', 'are', 'are', 'will', 'of', 'to', 'fill', 'out', 'so', 'welcome', 'are', 'here', 'a', 'that', 'is', 'it', 'to', 'dont', 'care', 'have', 'are', 'of', 'the', 'side', 'have', 'side', 'considering', 'new', 'agentic', 'ai', 'with', 'many', 'of', 'the', 'other', 'sdos', 'and', 'professional', 'are', 'work', 'that', 'of', 'the', 'existing', 'it', 'im', 'are', 'are', 'kind', 'of', 'roberta', 'like', 'information', 'what', 'would', 'be', 'is', 'will']
Insertions: ['to', 'practicality', 'eric', 'klein', 'yes', 'youre', 'right', 'get', 'us', 'kind', 'of', 'kind', 'of', 'you', 'know', 'uh', 'uh', 'uh', 'that', 'we', 'uh', 'kind', 'of', 'uh', 'going', 'whats', 'going', 'on', 'community', 'and', 'whats', 'going', 'on', 'in', 'the', 'uh', 'you', 'know', 'kind', 'of', 'uh', 'uh', 'you', 'pushed', 'initial', 'process', 'i', 'elect', 'voice', 'over', 'that', 'know', 'a', 'be', 'dass', 'a', 'different', 'thing', 'but', 'i', 'just', 'wanted', 'to', 'give', 'um', 'stand', 'to', 'be', 'on', 'a', 'different', 'level', 's', 'im', 'community', 'golf', 'and', '교宅', 'i', 'drove', '아까imiento', 'get', 'a', 'together', 'but', 'i', 'say', 'thank', 'you', 'um', 'we', 'thank', 'you', 'for', 'same', 'years', 'for', 'the', 'activities', 'berkeley', 'for', 'collaborating', 'and', 'uh', 'ensure', 'a', 'community', 'to', 'on', 'the', 'tomat', 'next', 'week', 'we', 'want', 'to', 'thank', 'you', 'so', 'much', 'mean', 'the', 'staff', 'for', 'your', 'if', 'at', 'dot', 'to', 'hi', 'orit', 'steer', 'and', 'im', 'paul', 'and', 'im', 'paul', 'im', 'daniel', 'parker', 'добав', 'circumstance', 'fancy', 'emil', 'geek', 'on', 'admitted', 'and', 'working', 'opportunity', 'data', 'weve', 'got', 'volume', '30', 'yaz', '3000', 'we', 'coming', 'andy', 'just', 'to', 'clarify', 'all', 'of', 'these', 'turn', 'off', 'the', 'livemaking', 'portion', 'of', 'our', 'lead', 'or', 'come', 'and', 'get', 'us', 'live', 'with', 'an', 'michaela', 'wrap', 'it', 'up', 'for', 'being', 'on', 'tap', 'all', 'right', 'sure', 'so', 'if', 'you', 'are', 'interested', 'to', 'be', 'an', 'entity', 'please', 'devkuli', 'sekedi', 'chris', 'tomi', 'iab', 'chair', 'and', 'thing', 'you', 'know', 'i', 'dont', 'know', 'i', 'dont', 'know', 'i', 'dont', 'know', 'theyll', 'be', 'very', 'much', 'and', 'a', 'a', 'yes', 'so', 'we', 'welcome', 'to', 'that', 'to', 'that', 'kind', 'of', 'a', 'hack', 'to', 'okay', 'hi', 'so', 'the', 'on', 'the', 'on', 'little', 'bit', 'the', 'the', 'edge', 'in', 'uh', 'and', 'here', 'um', 'we', 'cannot', 'have', 'shelters', 'we', 'are', 'and', 'so', 'it', 'i', 'would', 'from', 'this', 'are', 'no', 'there', 'passion', 'and', 'in', 'the', 'development', 'of', 'the', 'system', 'the', 'development', 'of', 'the', 'system', 'and', 'the', 'development', 'of', 'the', 'system', 'and', 'the', 'development', 'of', 'the', 'you', 'know', 'and', 'you', 'know', 'on', 'you', 'know', 'you', 'know', 'those', 'approaches', 'that', 'is', 'one', 'of', 'we', 'and', 'that', 'the', 'uh', 'at', 'its', 'uh', 'kind', 'of', 'in', 'the', 'hey', 'uh', 'you', 'know', 'um', 'but', 'uh', 'you', 'know', 'that', 'we', 'should', 'uh', 'the', 'the', 'uh', 'mean', 'i', 'what', 'that', 'certainly', 'and', 'so', 'you', 'we', 'uh', 'and', 'in', 'and', 'and', 'there', 'and', 'uh', 'uh', 'not', 'to', 'get', 'us', 'uh', 'uh', 'yeah', 'i', 'the', 'uh', 'uh', 'of', 'the', 'agent', 'is', 'uh', 'the', 'were', 'contained', 'of', 'uh', 'many', 'uh', 'uh', 'uh', 'uh', 'we', 'one', 'yeah', 'uh', 'uh', 'take', 'control', 'control', 'and', 'all', 'reallyガ', 'imジ煮', 'to', 'of', 'but', 'itfs', 'but', 'we', 'really', 'wanted', 'to', 'keep', 'it', 'clear', 'for', 'the', 'power', 'and', 'the', 'but', 'the', 'we', 'cross', 'up', 'hi', 'maybe', 'people', 'some', 'art', 'of', 'capture', 'kind', 'of', 'and', 'thank', 'you', 'and', 'right', 'it', 'right', 'thank', 'you', 'all', 'right', 'thank', 'you', 'thank', 'you', 'thank', 'you', 'thanks', 'all', 'right', 'above', 'us', 'theres', 'nobody', 'here', 'were', 'getting', 'a', 'tremendous', 'amount', 'of', 'feedback', 'on', 'your', 'mic', 'm', 'might', 'one', 'more', 'or', 'maybe', 'well', 'continue', 'im', 'really', 'good', 'with', 'that', 'i', 'can', 'tell', 'i', 'know', 'when', 'you', 'enjoy', 'questions', 'uses', 'strength', 'l', 'variety', 'of', 'products', 'that', 'think', 'we', 'have', 'a', 'we', 'uh', 'and', 'up', 'i', 'i', 'guess', 'george', 'is', 'still', 'there', 'oh', 'all', 'taking', 'a', 'seat', 'and', 'im', 'gonna', 'go', 'to', 'the', 'next', 'one', 'okay', 'so', 'im', 'gonna', 'go', 'to', 'the', 'next', 'one', 'please', 'so']
