All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations and whether you know it or not, you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach to practice. This practical approach got us great working groups that had our fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF, where we merged the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Olly Steele, who is the outgoing application and realtor. Olly, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the art AD, but you're also the shadow SEC and wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other areas. So thank you for that. And I think that's really helpful. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right, well, Mom, we're back on the same page a little bit. And I just want to 48 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 . 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 3 to think differently about how to manage the area, how we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is gonna take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you at GoinADs. Thank you. Thank you. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person, and Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right, so we have historically had the transition, we have the transition, we have the transition, we have the transition, we have the transition, we have the transition, we have the transition, we have the transition, if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to, from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see kind of on the stage. So we're gonna do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're gonna get us started. Okay, hi everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming art AD. Andy Newton. Andy Newton. Andy Newton. Andy Newton. Andy Newton. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, it just has to explode at the beginning, or I'll be perfecting the full of the parties. in entity and by the way stepping down next year so if you are interested to be entity please talk to me my hash management side of up city Jim Gishan roots in ID Ketan talaulukar routing ad hinterman the fella in an outgoing outgoing and incoming routing ad and mom and look at their obsidian the coolie secondy Chris Anasio secondy all about this outgoing secondy drug toady incoming IV chair Mike Bishop with 80 gory first renewing ad for wit Tommy Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video so Tommy Polly is the outgoing IAB chair and things should be more streamlined after the turnover you know we're gonna be down to only one one Tommy and one Eric okay so the Mike line is open questions for the ISG Pete I see you're in the queue no one wants to be first I'll be first hopefully a straightforward one although it might involve the IAB as well but I'm going to go with the IAB as a first. both dispatch on Monday and catalyst later in the week made me think that both dilemma I'm going to leave вот two percent that I wanted to know that totally prefixa for folks who are presenting newreport so that I can collectively Talk about it in depth and provide um like your last Administration I glad to Travis and C Storytellers had lead to actioniev multiple two reasons that spoke our story I'm see where not too I am uh in the again for, potentially at the stage ofриг겠다 am I just going into the Who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer, but I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers, but especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with, in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs, taking on something like that, and I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you volunteered to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters, and they ask them to follow that template, but I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. We should take that and try to work on it. Okay. All right. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think that's a great idea. I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress, and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process. So we're going to have to work with the dispatchers to bring people into the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Drew has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agent API situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit. Here. Here. Here. Is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created? And in fact, it's good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. So that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do. Okay. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So thoughts? Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles, Arnaud, like loud and clear. I think we need to make sure that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And, you know, in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things. And tightly bound charters. And what is the approach to on ramp it in there? The boff that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches. That is one of, I'm sure, many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash offsite about how to convert the energy, not just in AI and side meetings, into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make. One other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim boffs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before. But Francesca, previous art ID helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting inside meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow art IDs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is. Something that we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks. Sorry. So the I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough what's possible, but that's a new possibility. Just as a point of benchmark. And I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we had the first meeting on Edge on TKI this week, thanks to Adrian and the team on the Catalyst. Great job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24. In 15 months I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. And time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There's a culture issue. People are too much on the engineering side, on the bottom-up approach and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. To solve the AI problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with more people. So I think that's a good point. And I think that's a good point. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, so we're kind of in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations and open source to to kind of get us get us there. Okay, thank you. So I, Jun, you're next in the queue. Yeah. And you want from a triangle? I have the similar concern for the working of our agent. So I, Jun, you're next in the queue. So I, Jun, you're next in the queue. You know, this meeting, there are about over 16 side meetings related to the area. Yeah. Okay. And I think, you know, so I think there is a lot of work to. I think many of them content is overlapped. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in more formal manners. Okay. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said prior, the Catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we wanna bring in are intersections of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch-like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke, contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment however many ITFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the... I'm conscious probably more than most people how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF, but I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter-programming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to, really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with anything else, but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users. For the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I happen to be chair of the MOQ now. My work group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this, but I just wanted to leave the comment with the IHG. Let's try to preserve that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we of course have ended up with a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together, like SEC, WIT and ART, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. So I think that's what the team would do for the next year or so. Next? Next up, sorry. Go? AMY JORDANET corrector at the AI Research Center at the reason why's an AI Roundtable was able to send a flag on September 15th, 2013. Just the last couple of years. Wow. on working groups but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the you know some of the terms that has a connection with it for example for agentic ai agents and ai itself where would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of you know the foundational models those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts is there a place that we can you know join information and do some maybe a state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it uh i don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the ietf i think the answer would be to produce an id an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to ask even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer you to others right and i've done it multiple times dm is in art he started an end for instance right so it's quite common thank you we talk to each other all right uh so i'm seeing the queue line uh empty would anyone else like to jump in here thank you in the queue to pose a question or make a comment i'm pausing waiting james james we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic i think we have a hot mic james we okay you have dropped okay any other questions okay in that case uh isg thank you and we'll move to the next of our open mics thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you hello i hope you can hear me this is the llc's open mic and if all is well george and gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while roman and i are remote i see cannot hear you no in one invited my4 so so so if you don't noticed me is another if you understand me in one is me it is i am so we give a round of great thumbs for Commission services JOIN AS the interest journey and身 related year zone childhood experience as fringe food living june june spring june in june