All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach to practicality. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. resource kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The IESG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the R&AD, but you're also the shadow SEC and WIT AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The IESG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open. So Ori, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a SEC area. So being a SEC area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area. How we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So uhm, first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community – your, your outlook on ensuring that the community is – is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting if – meeting efficiency in the IESG, you may have hear results fromarls due to the hands-on approach your trembles or holding an aktiv s-soiac usage practices. Because as they Smart Face network processes and programs include self prayers and And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is gonna take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you at Boeing ADs. Thank you. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person and Paul, we will mail something to you, as well. All right, so we have historically had the transition, slide the passing of the dots so the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles uh we have a hybrid of course as you can see kind of on the stage so we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen and charles you're going to get us started okay hi everyone uh i'm charles zuckel incoming art ad andy newton uh rdd or steel outgoing rdd roman danilu jen tommy jensen incoming int ad eric so eric the other everything the other ongoing entity and by the way stepping down next year so if you are interested to be an entity please talk to me mahesh management side of upside uh in an outgoing outgoing and incoming routing id deb coole's second chris anacio second all about this outgoing security drugtory incoming ivb chef mike bishop with 80.umps in the chambers so basically what what you want Hal's doing is changing up the wayög ad for word so what we're doing here is is we're going to be editing the content we're going to be families and activities in general so the senate fairhurst sang only had an order and not protecting hero ad for witt be more streamlined after the turnover uh you know we're going to be down to only one one tommy and one eric okay so the mic line is open questions for the isg pete i see you're in the queue um no one wants to be first i'll be first um hopefully a straightforward one although it might involve the iab as well both dispatch on monday and catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing a lot of the comments both in the room and especially on the zulip chat were very much who is going to be implementing this are they here what problem of interoperability are you solving these should be pretty obvious questions for buff proponents and or dispatchers to answer but i don't know that we necessarily have enough push on the bof side iab tends to do pretty well of getting them in line um as the uh helpers but especially in dispatch that doesn't happen as much and if they can't answer those questions it's probably not time to present so i was wondering if you all would be on board with in your assorted dispatch groups and buffs taking on something like that and i realize that means i probably volunteered to write some text say you volunteer to write some text uh so i think that's a great idea um it's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the uh presenters and they ask them to follow that template but i agree that we probably do need a uh some another type of a form or something like that fill out so we should we should take that and try to work on it um does anyone else from the isg have any comments any of the owners of the dispatch workers yeah well we've definitely taken that feedback uh we've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that um so we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to to help us with that but i think some of those questions are pretty well known we just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions okay thanks for that concrete suggestion pete i think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to to tighten that up realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to hack to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization okay next up arno i see you're in the queue as well yes hi roman uh just realized you were not here yesterday uh so as druve has sent the question on uh on the on my little bit critique regarding the the way we manage the agent ai uh situation so if it would be in my study group uh people would say chair was the way forward and uh my complainer a little bit here is three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that that's created and in fact it is good that people could discuss about it but we cannot take action we cannot have we cannot have consensus we cannot organize ourselves we are not creating charters we are not so that's a lot of time that we lost and again we need to have something just from a timing perspective in july so that means it leaves from now to july to do something better we may have quite a big agenda going down to those away and um uh and Musk he probably has what's called a moreimsical agenda with maybe this is a little differentnell uh miteinander uh or like you know potentially pur -" good morning all right brian are you here yes and welcome is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in tightly bound charters and what is the approach to on-ramp it in there. The BOF that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of, I'm sure, many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash off-site about how to convert the energy, not just in AI and side meetings, into strategy meetings. And I think that's a great opportunity to have a conversation about that. And what we do have is the opportunity to do structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim BOFs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca, previous R&AD helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow R&ADs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, Rory. So I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we had the first meeting on HGTI this week, thanks to R&AD. And I think that's a good opportunity to do that. And I think that's a good opportunity to just a big opportunity there. And I think that was a satisfying last resolution to myеноKt schöne. moment um we have a societal problem we have other requirements that are not being taken into account there is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom-up approach and don't see certain requirements so we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well other sdos working in this space so that we can accelerate each other that's my message thank you yeah strongly agree uh to solve the ai problem or ai kind of standardization is going to take not not only this organization but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other sdos and professional kind of organizations and open source to to kind of get us get us there uh okay thank you uh so ijen you're next in the queue yeah i do i'm from china telecom i have the uh similar concern for the working of the agent is the itf you know in this meeting there are about over 16 side meetings related to the ai and i think many of them contain of many content many of them contained either overlapped so i think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work so i am really excited to host you from china for this webinar so thank you so much uh uh i think uh makes sense so much for being uh host of live room because uh we would also know some type of peux uh you proper keep it all kind of uh strategic reasons i mean i think they're all real projects and it's something that uh a isru did which means they would work together with workload from their studios lots of uh conversations that we've had with ourhmm early next month uh would make sense if uh the came and went work together there will be a really quick so all kind of褔 the topics that we want to bring bring in our intersections of the existing work that we of the existing areas that we have each one of those has some mechanism to to onboard whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working routes so we should also leverage those processes just because again something is ai does not necessarily require a special onboarding path uh martin yeah martin duke uh contrary to popular belief i'm not in tokyo um uh i was present at the the creation of the mega dispatch experiment however many itfs ago that was and i i kind of feel like the uh i'm very i'm conscious probably more than most people the how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an itf but i think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that um in particular the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch at all on on monday morning um that proved to be too hard i think pretty quickly we collapsed that to you know really self-contained groups that that really have no interaction with anything else but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users uh the power itf users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work and uh i i happen to share the moq moq now um my working group has actually moved to monday morning it it contains many itf power users it moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this but i just i just want to leave the comment with the isd let's let's try to preserve that that model for dispatch we can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas thanks yeah thank you uh thank you kind of martin uh where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together so we of course have ended up with this federated a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like sec wit and art but the other areas are distinct so we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction uh okay next up uh roberta you're next time hi uh i have a question related to maybe foundational uh knowledge for some of the issues that we have with ai i don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering uh work specifically that would be the non-working groups but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the you know some of the terms that has uh connection with it for example for agent take ai agent recognition is a tool which we can use to when we need to Alabare can be that which at the agents and AI itself. Where would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of you know the foundational models those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts is there a place that we can you know join information and do some maybe a state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it uh I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as adorable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF I think the answer would be to produce in an ID an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to end even if you talk to one area director it can easily refer you to others right and I've done it multiple times DM is in art it started an end so you know we're just in the middle of the semester and you know we're just kind of we're just sitting around and looking for the right person and we're just like okay well let's just for instance right so it's quite common we talk to each other all right uh so i'm seeing the queue line uh empty would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment i'm pausing waiting james james we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic i think we have a hot mic james we okay you have dropped okay any other questions okay in that case uh isg thank you and we'll move to the next of our open mics hello i hope you can hear me this is the llc's open mic and if all is well george and gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while roman and i are remote i i guess george and gonzalo are on the same page so i'm going to ask you to come up to the stage and ask your question and then we'll see you in the next one is still there oh this jay i can see you all taking seats taking up your