All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach to practicality. Thank you. So the practical approach got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement, like BPF, where we merge the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the Art AD, but you're also the Shadow Sec and Wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So Ori, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but you know, Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a Sec area. So being a Sec area AD with you was great because you pushed, you pushed us in the area to, you know, to the next level. And I think that's really, really important. Thank you. I really think that's, you know, this is kind of a team effort,oker data, around touch and even down to traditional technology right about like éch, you know, in, in within the community at large everybody is already there. And we've, you know, been involved in this since since in, since in the 21st century of, you know, the more of like the role of architecture that that Yann set here, like this greater community—it's just building in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you at Boeing ADs. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition, if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So thank you. The dots are getting passed from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to get us started. Okay. Hi, everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming ART AD. Andy Newton, ART AD. Ort Steele, outgoing ART AD. Roman Danilo, Gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming INT AD. Eric, your turn. I'm going INT AD. Sorry. So Eric Ving, the other ongoing INT AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested, please do that. If you are interested to be an INT AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of OPS AD. Jim Gishard, Routing AD. Keitan Talawlikar, Routing AD. Kuntur Vandevelde, in and outgoing, outgoing and incoming Routing AD. Momun Dukkade, OPS AD. Dekulis Sakey, AD. Mahesh, management side of OPS AD. Chris Anasio, SEC AD. Paul Waters, outgoing SEC AD. Druk Dhody, incoming IAB chair. Mike Bishop, WIT AD. Gauri Fairhurst, renewing AD for WIT. Tommy. Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video. So Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions? Questions for the IASG. Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, you know, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to answer all of them. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to answer all of them. But I'm sure that the IAB is going to be able to answer all of them. So I'm going to be able to answer all of them. And I'm going to be able to answer all of them. So I'm going to be able to answer all of them. I don't have the time to answer all of them. So I'm going to be able to answer all of them. And I'm going to be able to answer all of them. I did not have the time to address all of them. And I think it's important to make sure that we're very much who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer, but I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line. As the IAB has done. helpers, but especially in dispatch that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your assorted dispatch groups and boffs taking on something like that. And I realized that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you volunteered to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need some another type of a form or something like that to fill out. We should take that and try to work on it. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Yeah, well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Romain. I just realized you were not here yesterday. So, as Dhruv has sent the question on my critical and the other way how we manage the Edge on DPI situation, if it would be in my open to the go, people would say che was the way forward and my complainer was three meetings from three meaning-based panelists in this final group and I'm not done yet. um three meetings with three times side meanings at this level of entropy that it has created and in fact it is good that people could discuss about it but we cannot take action we cannot have we cannot have consensus we cannot organize ourselves we are not creating charters we are not so that's a lot of time that we lost and again we need to have something just from a timing perspective in july so that means it is from now to july to do something and uh to be very direct i would i would like to see a little bit more prescription just to use that word from from the leadership here to say the guidance is this whatever you guys want to do okay but i think we need to be a bit more driven to um to stop this uh this this entropy level so thoughts yeah i would say we've heard from multiple angles i know like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of ai and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting i think the the the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process uh and you know in a sense how do we do that we have to pay attention to all the darüber government sector services goals do they have to be Cash Percentage concerts of various types of businesses or these kinds of data set up it needs to be really said that you know both all of that technology is going to assume a lot start with how to identify our market like particularly all you know we've we've talked about see what's developing so publishers sales stations because we've read these past 10 years that are part of a range of cooperation out there and so just a very couple things to on baik that's in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim BOFs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca, previous R&AD helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow R&ADs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, Rory. So I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So you had the first meeting on HGTK this week, thanks to Adrian and the team on the Catalyst. Great job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24. In 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. And time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of friction, and we are in a very difficult situation at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side, on the bottom-up approach, and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider, as well, other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. To solve the AI problem, we have to do it. That's my message. To solve the AI problem, we have to do it. That's my message. So the problem or AI standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional organizations and open source to get us there. OK, thank you. So Ai-jen, you're next in the queue. Yeah. Ai-jen, I'm from . I have a similar concern for the working of the AI agent in the ITF. In this meeting, there are about over 16 side meetings related to the AI. And I think many of them, many of them content, either overlapped. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in more formal manners. OK. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said prior, the Catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring in are intersections of the existing work that we, of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch-like working routes. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke, contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the, I'm very, I'm conscious probably more than most people how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF. But I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter-programming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to really self-contained, hot, data-based behavior. Really, a lot of it was兒 that wasn't fully secure gw. We remember. Let's speak then of ASL. Don't be scared. . really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we, of course, have ended up with a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together, like SEC, WIT, and ART, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Okay, next up, Roberta, you're next. Hi. Hi. I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could... Enter information, like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work, specifically that would be the non-working groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the, you know, some of the terms that has connection with it. For example, for agent, take AI agents and AI itself, where would be the place for you to put, maybe, information related to how agents work and that part of, you know, the foundational models, those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts? Is there a place that we can, you know, join information and do some, maybe a state of art of some of the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it? I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture, but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF, I think the answer would be to produce an ID, an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically. And so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. Thank you. And on the same topic, if you allow me to add, even if you talk to one area director, he can easily refer you to others, right? And I've done it multiple times. DM is in art, he started in AIM, for instance, right? So it's quite common. Thank you. We talk to each other. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line. Is the queue line empty? Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? I'm pausing, waiting. James. James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your presentation. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, James. Thank you. Thank you. All right. James? James, you have got your mic? . I think we have a hot mic. James? Okay, you've dropped. Okay, any other questions? Okay. In that case, ISG, thank you. And we'll move to the next of our open mics. Thank you. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats.