All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach to practicality. Eric Klein. Yeah. So, yeah, I think that's a great, practical approach. Got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement, like BPF, where we merge the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So, thank you for your service. And, you know, we are virtually giving you a plaque, and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Oli Steele, who is the outgoing application and real estate manager and real-time director who served one term. Oli, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the art AD, but you're also the shadow SEC and wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So, Oli, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but, you know, Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a SEC area. So being a SEC area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area and it brought a lot of change for our process and our opinion. The media has Thank you for all the things you and Amy and the department have done in the area. And I know that continues to change. To this day, I don't actually kind of feel that timeно stop andoston Seaman sort of loving that. When weozze defensively, it's not like the defense, and I felt that you and I, I think kind of strongly you would like to take all of that kind of lean the work that you have. And I like to start out by thinking about what's in front of us today. Which particularly is the isg you may have actually left the the largest legacy which puts us in a bit of a problem right now i suspect that the isg productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard which very much helped us get things done so thank you for that and in all seriousness thank you very much for your service as well paul thank you to all of you at going ids so ori we have a plaque for you in person and paul we will mail something to you as well all right so we have historically had the transition if we could have the next slide the passing of the dots so uh the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles we have a hybrid of course as you can see kind of on the stage so we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen and charles you're going to get us started okay hi everyone uh i'm charles zuckel incoming art ad andy newton uh rdd or steel outgoing rdd romey danilo jen tommy jensen incoming int ad eric you're going into ad sorry so eric the other eric wing the other ongoing entity and by the way stepping down next year so if you are interested in that please contact us at the next slide so i will be happy to answer your questions so i will be happy to answer your questions to be an entity please talk to me mahesh management side of up city jim guishard routine id routing in an outgoing outgoing and incoming routing id and moment police chris anasio sec ad all about this outgoing security incoming ivb chef mike bishop with ad gory fairhurst renewing ad for wit tommy jim guishard jim guishard jim guishard so tommy paulie is the outgoing iab chair Again, questions for the IASG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both Dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, Who is going to be in the chat? Who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer, but I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with, in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs, taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you volunteered to write some text? No, I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that you're going to volunteer to write some text. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. We should take that and try to work on it. Does anyone else from the IHG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer them. So I think that's the key. We need to make sure that people are going to be able to answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agent API situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that. Three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created. And in fact, it's good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. We are not. So that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription just to use that word from the leadership here to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do. Okay. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So thoughts? Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles, Arnaud. Like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain structures. We have certain structures. We have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in tightly bound charters. And what is the approach to on ramp it in there? The boff that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of I'm sure many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash kind of off site about how to convert the energy not just in AI and side meetings into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman. I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim boffs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before. But Francesca, previous RIT help set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow RIT people to do that. But I think that's one of the things that we need to do. And I think that's something that we need to do. And I think that's one of the things that we need to do. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks, Rory. So I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we had the first meeting on Edge-Anti-KI this week thanks to Adria and I. thanks to adrian and the team on the catalyst great job that's step one for me step one started december 24th so in 15 months i am where i am but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus alignments understanding creation restructuring so just think about the time it takes to get there and time is evaporating the industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment and we have a societal problem we have other requirements that are not being taken into account there is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom-up approach and don't see certain requirements so we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well other sdos working in this space so that we can accelerate each other that's my message thank you yeah strongly agree uh to solve the ai uh problem or ai kind of standardization is going to take not not only this organization but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other sdos and professional kind of organizations and open source to to kind of get us get us there uh okay thank you uh so ijen you're next in the queue yeah i do i'm from china telecom i have the uh similar uh cancer for the working of the agent is itf you know in this meeting there are about uh over 16 side meetings related to the ai and i think many of them contain of many content many of them contained either overlapped so i think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work you want more formal manners okay yeah thank you thank you kind of for that feedback uh again to repeat a little bit of what i said kind of prior uh the catalyst buff is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the out of the side meetings i would also reiterate that uh ai is not a homogeneous topic uh it intersects uh it intersects many if not all of the areas we already have if the topics that we want to bring bring in our intersections of the existing work that we of the existing areas that we have each one of those has some mechanism to to onboard whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working groups so we should also leverage those processes just because again something is ai does not necessarily require a special onboarding path uh martin yeah martin duke uh contrary to popular belief i'm not in tokyo um uh i was present at the the creation of the mega dispatch experiment however many itfs ago that was and i i kind of feel like the uh i'm very i'm conscious probably more than most people the how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an itf but i think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that um in particular the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch at all on on monday morning um that proved to be too hard i think pretty quickly we collapsed that to you know really self-contained groups that that really have no interaction with anything else but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users uh the power itf users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work and uh i i happen to be chair of the moq now um my work group has actually moved to monday morning it contains many itf power users it moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to the ios data um so i think it's really important to keep that in mind so i think that's a really good point i think we're just going to leave the comment with the isd let's let's try to preserve that that model for dispatch we can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas thanks yeah thank you uh thank you martin uh where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together so we of course have ended up with this a federated police imagining we were at theta minutes below the missile level so i think we found a really good point that does that add up to effect to itzo which has um in the experience of uh since our research has been very euh well quite extensive we've had relatively samped amendments uh that split the doj into uh stuff that focuses on building water smaller mass too uh bias systems and we've ended up with an adequate CSV tf units an own test uh or magari um in a call juse to see what going on of database actualize information, like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work specifically that would be the non-working groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the, you know, some of the terms that has connection with it. For example, for agentic AI agents and AI itself, where would be the place for you to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of, you know, the foundational models, those kinds of information that might make difference for the way that people do drafts. Is there a place that we can, you know, join information and do some, maybe a state of art of some of the terms and things that are helpful. Is there a place that we can, you know, do some, maybe a state of art of some of the terms and things that are helpful. Is there a place that we can, you know, do some, maybe a state of art of some of the terms and things that might make difference for the way that people do drafts. Is there a place that we can, you know, join information about how agents work and how they're working on the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it. I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture, but if you're asking for what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF, I think the answer would be to produce an ID, an internet draft, and make sure that you have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. And on the same topic, if you allow me to add, even if you talk to one area director, he can easily refer you to others. And if you want to know more about that, you can ask him, you know, I have a meeting with the head of your organization, and we can come together and talk about it. Right, and I've done it multiple times. DM is in art, it started in N, for instance, right? So it's quite common. Thank you. We talk to each other. All right, so I'm seeing the queue line empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? I'm pausing, waiting. James. James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have. Hot mic. James, we, okay, you have dropped. Okay, any other questions? Okay, in that case, ISG, thank you. And we'll move to the next of our open mics. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hello, I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage. While Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there out SGA. I can see you all taking seats. Take up.