All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations and whether you know it or not, you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach to practicality. Eric, thank you so much for coming out here with me. I've had the pleasure of presenting the ISG. I'm going to take a few questions from the audience. And I'm curious if you're well approach get us got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like bpf where we merge the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the ietf works on the isg is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused so thank you for your service and you know we are virtually uh giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you uh next up is ori steel who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term uh lori you're in a sense the triple threat uh you masqueraded as the art ad but you're also the shadow sec and wit ad with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks this really helped us with all sorts of different work that i think everyone would agree we we have at the intersection uh of those kind of three areas which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session uh the isg is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's going on in the community and what's going on in the community and what's going on in the open source community so ori really thank you so much for your service and last up is paul wooders who is the outgoing security area director he served two terms uh so i can do this a lot of different ways but you know paul first up i want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board it takes two to run a sec area so being a sec area ad with you uh was great because you pushed uh you pushed us in the dark all to the netherlands really and i'm really proud of the service that you've provided it has not been reallyacieous i mean you've been leading netherlands for four decades and i like given by you it's been nice to be part of the food substitutes and the civilian Mi Winterulum the journey of life and um i've seen lots of you like seasoning practice吃 concertas inside the dream team including a bunch more of the people that we would love to see as partners and someone that we you know we've had issues with then we welcome the community to uh to look out and see how we manage the area we try to do it in the future no matter what that looks like and then if meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is gonna take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you at Boeing ADs. Congratulations to all of you and thank you every single member of my team for standing by for a moment. So thank you again, Kelly and all the others who were so dedicated to coming up in the hands of the new airport giant, the next thing that is your杰 re managing the feito to go into all of the cooperation that's been there since之 and also thank you, Paul, tion. dots so the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles we have a hybrid of course as you can see kind of on the stage so we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen and charles you're going to get us started okay hi everyone uh i'm charles zuckel incoming art ad andy newton rdd or steel outgoing rdd roman danilu jen tommy jensen incoming int ad eric you're going into ad sorry so eric the other everything the other ongoing entity and by the way stepping down next year so if you are interested to be an entity please talk to me mahesh management side of ops ad jim guishard routine id routing ad in an outgoing outgoing and incoming routing ad and we look at that deb coolie second chris anastio second all about this outgoing security drug toddy incoming ivb chef mike bishop with ad gory farhurst renewing ad for wit josh taller scotland super signer but it's something related to the op fem which is a lovely town fm project but not something that we're continuing i هو~!! sorry else?. i have no idea how to turn this on oh ho .. Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting news, and then a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting news, and then a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer, but I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers, but especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with, in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs, taking on something like that. And I really appreciate that. I'm going to be asking questions. I'm going to be asking questions. We're going to be asking questions. We're going to be asking questions. I'm going to be asking questions. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you're going to volunteer to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters, and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that, so we should take that and try to work on it. Okay. All right. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions. We've heard that we welcome contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress, and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to have... Yeah. ... substantial of a critical distribution of input. Yeah. And we're focused on so little input from the dispatchers that we don't do anySi any other, even if I had to. That's an interesting, unique recommendation. I'm looking forward to help some documents be mapped through and nicely documented so that they get put in public with caso screws and caveat one. Okay. So I've got two more questions that we've probably implemented in this presenting self Sync right now. So at this stage, Beach If we work, then we might have not enough Snyk, but whether these can be DF về to like one-one single DNS node. I think really great. Okay. would say chair was the way forward and my complaint a little bit here is that um three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that that's created and in fact it's good that people could discuss about it but we cannot take action we cannot have we cannot have consensus we cannot organize ourselves we are not creating charters we are not so that's a lot of time that we lost and again we need to have something just from a timing perspective in july so that means it is from now to july to do something and to be very direct i would i would like to see a little bit more prescription just to use that word from from the leadership here to say the guidance is this whatever you guys want to do okay but i think we need to be a bit more driven to uh to stop this uh this entropy level so thoughts yeah i would say we've heard from multiple angles i know like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of ai and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting i think the the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's needed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to not in the official process into the official process uh and you know in a sense how do we do that uh recognizing that we have certain strengths in the ietf with how we run things and tightly bound charters and you know what is the approach to on ramp it you know in there the boff you know that we just had in catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of i'm sure many things we need to do and this is going to be a topic that the that the isu takes up at its uh at its uh strategy meeting so we'll have to figure out what we're gonna do and uh we'll have to maybe get the slash kind of offsite about how to convert the energy, not just in AI inside meetings, into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim boffs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca, previous RDAD helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting inside meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow RDADs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, Rory. So I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we had the first meeting on Edge-Anti-KI this week, thanks to Adrian and the team on the Catalyst. Great job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24th. So in 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time, the time it takes to get there. And time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side, on the bottom-up approach, and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. To solve the AI problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional organizations and open source to kind of get us there. OK, thank you. So Ai-jen, you're next in the queue. Yeah, I'm from . I have the similar question. I'm from China Telecom. I'm a senior consultant for the working of the AI agent in the ITF. In this meeting, there are about over 16 side meetings related to the AI. And I think many of them content is overlapped. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work. You want more formal manners. OK. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior, the Catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring in are intersections of the existing work that we have, the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch-like working routes. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke, contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I'm in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the I'm very conscious, probably more than most people, how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF. But I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counterprogramming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. That proved to be too hard, and I think pretty quickly we collapsed that too, , really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with anything else. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I happen to share theあの 할게요 now. My work group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated this but i just i just want to leave the comment with the isd let's let's try to preserve that that model for dispatch we can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas thanks yeah thank you uh thank you kind of martin uh where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together so we of course have ended up with this federated a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like sec wit and art but the other areas are distinct so we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction okay next up roberta you're next to me hi uh i have a question related to maybe from foundational uh knowledge for some of the issues that we have with ai i don't know if we have some i can't see it right okay so the the the question uh people are asking about some of the issues that we have with ai i don't know if we have some i don't know if we have some some of the issues that we have with Ai i don't know if we have some some structure that we could enter information like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work specifically that would be the non-working groups but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the you know some of the terms that has uh connection with it for example for agentic AI agents and AI itself uh where uh would be the place for you to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of you know the foundational models those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts is there a place that we can you know join information and do so maybe a state of a state of a state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it in engineering on top of it uh I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF I think the answer would be to produce an ID an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to end even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer you to others right and I've done it multiple times DM is in art he started an end for instance right so it's quite common thank you we talk to each other all right uh so I'm seeing the queue line uh empty would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment I'm pausing waiting James James we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic I think we have a hot mic James we okay you have dropped okay any other questions okay in that case uh isg thank you and we'll move to the next of our open mics foreign hello I hope you can hear me this is the LLC please open mic and if all is well George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote I I guess George is still there oh there's Jay I can see you all taking seats taking up your