Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. So we are going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF trust. After that is going to be the IETF administration LLC report. We always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community meeting the order is going to be the IAB, the IASG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide, please. So before we get started, I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site, like the secretariat, the MeetEcho team, the NOC team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that push the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments, you know, as quickly kind of as possible. So when we arrive at the meeting, we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Well, thank you for that. So next, I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Kai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Thank you. Epidemiology Dafne Health to attend the 125th IETF Conference. I am very honored. First, on behalf of the Ministry of Industry and Information, the Information and Communications Management Bureau, I would like to extend my warmest congratulations on the successful opening of the conference and thank all the friends and colleagues who have been supporting and supporting the development of Chinese Internet for a long time. As an internationally influential organization in the field of Internet, since the establishment of IETF, we have made irreplaceable contributions in the core agreements, architecture, and technical standards of Internet, and have established a solid technical foundation for the prosperous development of the Internet. We express our high praise for this. China preserves the spirit of opening, tolerance, cooperation, and win-win, and persists in the technology and technology development by government and overseas community. We firmly kör holder our strong net đã kinh tức within the network's boundaries before anything changes or bugs arise. It will continue to assist the我在  specified Publicluk international foreign media. It will contribute to the communityит. At present, there are many advantages on the new technology information field. You besides sincerely investigate social environments, you also need to seize the opportunity to leverage the general understanding that China microservices have for engineering and and ticks for technology тысячよう万 negotiation and! you only need to寓定!! A service to present the special greater reached international safety and za 這,有 funny, drank attach,シェ. and the integration of AI and other technologies into the Internet, bringing new opportunities and new challenges. We look forward to this conference as a chance to discuss the innovation and ideas of the Internet-based technologies, and we look forward to the development of more and more materialized cooperation results in this conference, and we look forward to the development of more and more materialized cooperation results in this conference, so that we can work together to develop innovation, build a common network space and fate community, and make digital civilization better for the people of the world. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and pleasant work and life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of Ciennic. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right. Next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here or additional facts and kind of figures and summaries since we last met, please do click on that link that says full report, and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. Okay. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen, and I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site that we've gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So, you know, phenomenal to see the community come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we've had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look around, you know, you're sitting to your left are two people and, you know, one other person to your right, one of those people is new to the IETF unless you are. So one quarter of almost one quarter of participants here at the IETF have never been to a meeting before. And we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the IETF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the Internet. Please join a mailing list. You know, please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face to face time concludes. And we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna or perhaps in San Francisco, the future venues. Thank you. Thank you. We appreciate it. You know, we hope that you'll join us for the next few weeks. I think this is, you know, one of the things that we have for our meetings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world. And you can see some of the more detailed statistics here. And also equally unsurprising, we have a very, very robust participation from China, given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the IESG has issued no statements. what we focused on in our announcements is was related to an appointment to the IETF trust and to the IPMC. So first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner who has been selected and we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP 245 moderators and I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. Next slide please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide please. I just wanted to take this opportunity but I also wanted to take this opportunity to call a looks back on what kind of work that's been going on for the last 20 or 30 years. We've had some meetings, I think we've had meetings, I think we've had a few meetings, we've had other meetings, we've had other meetings, opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area primarily because everything that happens in Gen affects each and every one of you in the room because the processes defined in Gen impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and CodePoints are specified here in IETF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS Working Group. If you aspire to tailor, to change, or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the PROCON Working Group, the Process Document and Consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W Working Group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our Intellectual Property Framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I'd talk more about, the Mod Pod Working Group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF. This was recently approved. To realize that and to implement that process, that first step is the IESG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be to write those procedures and then, of course, execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the IESG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well, and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053, and they're being actively discussed on the IAB's website. It appears we've lost Roman. If we could please stand by for one minute. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on architecture discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel. And this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. For those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the director of meeting operations and sponsorships. But she will be, unfortunately, exiting from that role. For the last five years, Stephanie has been a key role in the organization's success. 20 almost 20 years stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world about 54 four of those and that that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world uh in an interoperable kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate no detail has been too small for her whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues uh kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have but she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places that's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship and as you can see there uh i don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf uh stephanie and honestly the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with you know really all we can say is thank you thank you so much and you know best of luck with your with your next kind of engagements uh and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities so thank you so much on behalf of the community thank you very much so next slide please i now turn it over to Dhruv Dhody who congratulations is the new chair of the IAB Next slide, please. Perfect. Yes. So we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this, we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out, and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out, those videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data tracker. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the APRICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region. We come to Shenzhen. As well as, Robin was at WSIS plus 20 high-level UN meeting, where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk, who will talk about IRTF. Thank you. Thank you, Drew. Hello, I'm Dirk Kutscher. I'm the IRTF chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So as IRTF chair, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training, and so on. And so at this meeting, I have received really great support. I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young talent program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different universities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here, not only this meeting, but also previously. And there. There is a program in Brazil that brought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And the Brazilians, please stand up so we can see you all. Welcome to the IRTF. So they come all this way to engage with us, to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And I really hope this will be worthwhile. Okay. So in the IRTF, we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by CryptoForum, RASP-RG, and Network Management-RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. And then we have the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. These two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee, support high-quality research, and also get new ideas, new people in. And ANW, the workshop, is kindly supported by ACM SICOM and Akamai. And if we do this. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So next one will be in Vienna, IRTF-126. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. The Applied Networking Research Prize recognizes the best results in applied networking from, like, last year. So what we do is we do a lot of research. is we nominate top contributions in the field of applied networking and then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones and this is supported by ISOC, Comcast and NBC Universal. And quite often we get really, really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite current at the moment in the IETF. And so just today in IETF Open, we had two ANRP winners. So we had Tianyi Gao and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks and Xiangjie Huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high quality real time communication. Congratulations. Thank you. So this week we actually had two IETF Open meetings. So one just before and on Tuesday we had one that was dedicated on discussing internet working research challenges for AI. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic. So we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role, So we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role, for the IETF in this field. So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges. And there's a lot of working on in academia and conference and so on. We want to figure out, okay, how can we make this useful for our larger community? So invited two really great presentations on different aspects and had good discussion and on potential topics. So what we identified, so far was testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments, like the broader distributed system and protocol design for this with learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming out and new abstractions for like collective communications and so on. But also more principled approaches towards agent communication. And also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the buff this morning. But so the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of, you know, naming identity, trust delegation, and also group communication. And yeah, finally, we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community. From underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google, and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from Asia, really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week, if you're interested or if you know somebody who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. So, thank you. So, this is my last report as the ITF NOMCOM chair for this cycle. These were the people of the NOMCOM 25-26 cycle. The voting members, some of them are here. So, please thank them if you see them in the hallway. I've seen one of my NOMCOM members in the Tokyo remote hub. So, people in Tokyo, thank you. Thank him also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Dejan. Good. But it's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So, we're very happy with the current selection. So, we had one selection for the LLC board, one for the trust, ITF trust and IPMC. Six selection candidates, selected candidates. For the IAB, two-term period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas candidates and assigned for the period of two years. So, I'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term, willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . One thing I want to mention is diversity, of course. That's something that's important to us, to our community, and also to the NOMCOM. We got a day training this year, like last year, about unconscious bias, et cetera. So, that's important. I think that's something that the NOMCOM was very aware of, also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations. Some highlights here are, well, not highlight per se. There's no gender diversity improvement this cycle. So, we're aware of that. We're conscious of that. But, of course, we try to improve every year, but this is an observation here. We improved on regional diversity. That's a good thing. So, different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. And so, there's a constant improvement here, and we try to improve. We try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline, young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. And we also hear that from the community. In every review, all the reviews we receive, thank you, the ITF community, for your reviews, for your feedback on the nominees. It's important and stressed. Think about new generation, about the next generation leadership. So with the incumbents interviewing the nominees, that are already in leadership position, the NOMCOM members always ask about thinking about your succession. And luckily, most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for or nominees actually for the next NOMCOM cycle. And of course, it's up to the NOMCOM in one, two, three, four years to select the nominee. But it's good that we have nominees to select from. So thanks. Yeah. As I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place, but we can always do better. So it's a constant process. Another thing is, well, lessons learned. The first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before. It's a good document, our RFC 8713, but they're in practical situations. It doesn't say anything about it. It doesn't say anything about, well, new situations or things we haven't thought of. So, well, there's one thing mentioned. The chair can, with the NOMCOM, always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process an unaccepted or a not expected situation. So it works. As in the same bullet point here, the NOMCOM process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. And that works also. But and that's now a new point. I want to work on at least some basic documentation, how the things work, some steps, basic steps, at least how to proceed through the NOMCOM as a chair. And that could also help with the help of, well, kind of delegating tasks to the secretary, because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary. So it's good to have some documentation. And mostly the practical stuff. That's yeah. And also for myself, at least during the deliberations, I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just to be a simple process. But I was counting the yes and no so simple. But yes, maybe no. That becomes more difficult. And then you have all kinds of rankings. So I think for the next year, it's good to have this little bit automated so it can focus on the process and all the discussions. And not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes. So finally. Yeah, some words of thanks. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the NOMCOM chair for this cycle. It's very learned. Well, I learned a lot and was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Also the ITF community was very supportive. In the beginning, I made some mistakes. And as you are, you directly send me an email that I made a mistake. But it was always supportive. People helped me out. So thank you. Also the NOMCOM voting members were very, very dedicated. So it was a great team. I mentioned that already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chair's advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice. It's almost I get an opportunity to say thank you. Thank you. Bye. Thank you. So the NOMCOM award for the Oscar Academy Awards with all the thank yous. Good. Before I leave the stage, I want to call out, volunteer for the next cycle of the NOMCOM. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also, you learn a lot of things about the ITF process, about the people in the ITF and its processes. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks, everyone. That is a little bit taller than I am. And I was on the OmCom and I will echo, please do the OmCom. It's a really great experience. You learn so much and you meet some great people. Anyways, I'm Glen Dean and I'm the outgoing chair of the IPMC Corporation and the ITF Trust. This is our report to ITF 125. So, NomComs do what they do and the ISG does what it does and they both appoint people to the ITF Trust and the IPMC Board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burden who has served us as an ISG appointee. Kristen was really helpful. She's a lawyer by training, very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing doing the ITF IPMC creation and setup. So thank you very much for Kristen for your service to the ITF Trust and the IPMC. Then there's this guy. He's been around for quite a while and one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term limited. We like people to stick around the ITF Trust to build up our institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever. And this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say, if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants and I learned so much by being part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it this coming year when the NOMCOM is appointing another person. So thank you for letting me be in that role. I've really enjoyed it. So we have a new set of directors for the ITF IPMC. A couple of them are carrying over, but we've got two new ones. Lars Egert is coming in, as is Sean Turner. And we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers. So I'd like to announce that Wendy Seltzer has taken on the role of IPMC president. Sean Turner, who I think is in the Tokyo remote, is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer, which Wendy has vacated. And Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary. Likewise, the ITF trust is in the final throws, but we still needed some people around to close up shop. And so the decision was made that the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be Wendy. So thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. All right, so that's the in and the out stuff. Let's talk about what we've been doing. So we like to give a report, and usually these numbers are zero, because, you know, trust is set up to be very, very low. So we're going to give a report, and usually these numbers are zero, because, you know, trust is set up to be very low. So we're going to give a report, and usually these numbers are zero, because, you know, trust is set up to be very low. And when everything's perfect, it is very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN1 module from RFC 9881. So there we got one. The other good news, though, is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we didn't sue anybody, we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good if you deal in intellectual property assets. So here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who've been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal, and now. We had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So this formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC operates under. And that was all for a 60 day review. And all of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. This one's big. It's, we've been working for a couple of years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the ITF intellectual property assets from the ITF trust, into the IANA assets. And that's what we did. We took the IPMC to the IPMC corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP, except for patents, the IPMC does not do patents, for the ITF. And that is a major milestone. So hold your applause on that one, because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major, major moment. It's something we've been working to for years. And I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names, and IPs. And I think the IPMC is still in process because we need some signatures. There's agreements that establish the role of the ITF trust with relation to the IANA. And there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things, to transfer those agreements from the ITF trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I no longer was the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on the behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who were waiting for signatures on, sign the document so we can get that thing done. And some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation. Because if you look at the ITF documentation, it's got the word ITF trust all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF, ITMC as the successor to that. So that draft's out there and it's active. I saw that URL for that. So that's a great way to get that out there. So get those in there, because it's gonna be the default URL for the IPR WG email list. And finally, the trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions. So we can keep that same acronym are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the ITMC is now the party holding the assets to the ITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. We're same terms. If your lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though, since that draft or that document was first written, version five, the editorial stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there'll be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And they'll be published for comment for a 30 day period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristin, but I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF Trust. It served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank. And it has a handful of DNS domains. That are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over and it does its final tax filings. It's done. So I really did want to have a hand for the ITF Trust because it has made this, what is the ITF functional? And it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people. During that 21 years. Who have served as ITF trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do. So it's, which is good because it means they didn't get sued. Cause no drama, no excitement. But anyways, for the ITF Trust and for all the people volunteer, can I please have a round of applause. And that is how to contact the ITMC and get more stuff. George. Don't leave the stage. So Glenn, thank you for your many years of service and allow me to present you with this plaque. . . . . . . . Hello and welcome. welcome my name is Jay Daly I'm the IETF executive director nice to see so many people in the room so this is the administrative report for the IETF and I'll start by thanking our IETF 125 host Cien Nick and our co-host Xinguang University the Internet Society of China CCSA and the Computer Network Information Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences thank you very much I also want to thank very much Huawei our special contributor and social event sponsor those of you who came last night to the social event I'm sure will remember that that is the best social event we have had that was spectacular thank you and then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor ZTE to our local sponsor APNIC and our local supporters Cormail thank you I also want to thank our IETF 125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion thank you very much to Akamai and Huawei thank you very much and thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for IETF 125 we have Comcast and ICANN for diversity and inclusion we have ZTE for sustainability ICANN and Cien Nick for running code and D.E. Nick and Nominette for the open internet thank you all very much and then finally thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsors without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the IETF with them we do currently thank you very much to all of you I should particularly like to note China Mobile who and China Unicom who have helped very much with this conference we have staff on site helping us out we have a number of other partners who have helped us out with this conference we've been working with them for a very long time and we've been working with them for a very long time and we've been working with them for a very long time and we've been working with them for a very long time with our wi-fi which is really going above and beyond thank you very much every meeting it seems our logos get more and more desirable so once again I'm happy to tell you we you can get our our swag from the online store and we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start ready to "... todavía und earns told about mail." I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out ... in building the IETF tools and in running the IETFNOC we rely on multiple people who give theiremployers time freely to work � відा modal력 and focus on an ongoing event like this. help board Ground Zero Short Permissions and lead the rest of our team to join this event. Thank you. that work so thank you very much to all of those people and um rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this but i think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here so we have the secretariat mitako and the knock thank you all very much for your work um here at itf125 we only have a subset of the itf staff so i'm on site clearly i also have greg with me and three of our senior developers they are staffing the tools help desk so please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them we also have the rpc staff at iatf uh one two five alana alice and sandy are here they are also staffing a desk so if you have any questions about um rpcs sorry rfcs or the editing process please go and speak to them and we have the full secretariat on site as well so this is a simple diagram of the current structure there so look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support see them if you need any support please contact us at the green top and we'll be happy to help you um thank you very much um thank you very much um thank you very much um thank you very much um thank you if you need to want to speak about anything particular then please speak to them as well so finally on the thanks thank you to our global hosts our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the ietf and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need thank you very much so ietf1 to 6 vienna registrations are open this will be in july we are expecting to come we are just about to sign with the host for the meeting so that's good news for us and i hope very much to see as many as possible of you there so looking forward to our meetings um we have vienna coming up and then after that we have itf127 in san francisco and since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced verisign as the host of that meeting ietf128 in asia we are still in the negotiations with it generally takes us quite some time to negotiate asian venues they are more complicated we often have to use convention centers and us being a us company means we need to visit a number of times to get to the meeting so we're hoping that we can get you on board with a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship so that's going ahead um we certainly aim to announce that by vienna um if possible itf 129 europe that was due to be signed and then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day so we are just trying to work through that and then we'll be able to announce that um hopefully quite shortly itf130 in has now been announced that's the heart regency vancouver that we've been back to a number of times and we are of course looking for a meeting host for that ietf 131 in asia we have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues and we are hoping to and we're in the negotiations now um about that so that's moving forward ietf 132 europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out and ietf 133 is not on here in north america but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in south america for that okay so that's where we currently are with our meetings booking we're a little bit behind but we have so many of them quite close that we'll catch up quickly and then we'll be a bit ahead i think by the end of this year on meeting bookings so that's it for me thank you very much handing over to miriam thanks jay i hope you i hope you can hear me and see me um my name is miriam kuhne i'm the board of the um llc i'm the chair of the llc board that's more correct and i would like to thank you actually for um selecting me for another term studying at this um at this meeting um i think cindy is gonna control my slide so please go on to the next slide yes this is the full board you can see here um gonzalo and george are there with you in person and roman is you saw was um online i'll be on i'm online here and and열 jona cannot join us for this um meeting um but you're all watching so next slide please yeah this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the uh all of these um any any other questions you may have would be appreciated um and we all thank jota for fully participating and Spieler thanks j ména so much for this whatever listener if you enjoyed the session thank you you're truly appreciated and certainly see to that and the public forty-five million مت the end of year balance. And I'm not gonna go through all the numbers. You can do that in your own time. I mean, for transparency reasons, obviously we put them here on the slide so they'll be published. You see some notes there. So if you go to the next slide, you'll see some explanations. More details can be find always in the financial statements that we publish every month. And then also at the end of the year. Overall, one thing to note here is that there are some like higher numbers as budgeted. So the positive variances there are mostly comprised of an additional endowment contributions, which always welcome ISOC matching funds. Also the annual contributions from ISOC and some unrealized gains from investments that we have there. So that's good news. So next slide, please. Just some items that the board is currently working on. We are still working on the secretariat contract. We tendering. It's ongoing. We've published the 2026 budget after consultation, after community consultations. So that's out on the website. As you've seen, we've piloted the remote room. We piloted this like new feature with remote rooms for ITF meetings. And I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions. It seems to work really well. And so, well, thanks mostly to LLC staff and there Greg Wood, I think, took the lead. And we're going to evaluate the experiences with this after the meeting and see how we can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual retreat in April, the board retreat. We're preparing for that to look at future planning, strategy, risk register, and other plans that we're doing on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here is that we're going to have a meeting with the board. So we're going to have a meeting. So we're going to have a meeting with the board. So we're going to have a meeting with the board. We're going to have a meeting with the board. But it's certainly also on our mind, our meeting network and the meeting locations. And, really, I want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists, specifically also on meeting networks. And we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there is a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed tomorrow, I believe, in gen dispatch. And then I will see where that goes after that. And so, yeah, please watch that space and contribute to that work. Next slide, please. You can also contribute to our work by participating in our board meetings. We have a monthly board meeting. Here are the dates. They are also on the website. And Michelle, our secretary, she always sends out announcements for the board meetings. So they're open to observers, at least like, you know, partially part of the meetings. We also have some closed sessions with staff and Jay. But yes, please join us for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to our work. Next slide, please. I think that's about it. Yes, you can find a lot more information on the website from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements. And also here are a number of mailing address, mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. Admin discusses our generic kind of administrative mailing lists, where most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. For any questions, we'll get some pictures last evening— rest tongue in your mouth, and then we'll get back to you with step three. Let's get back to GSA and get back to this panel. Say hello to the last meeting when everything is available. We have people who have still not got here. We also have a couple of long 15 minutes, and so we'll get back to you as soon as we have more. Okay? Well, let's start with thanking the outgoing IAB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen, as we know him, has fluffy. And I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair now that he's not on the IAB anymore. Maybe. But seriously, you have been it's so good to talk to you when you when we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to the heart of the matter. And that much clarity of thought. It has been amazing having discussions with you. Maria, you have served a decade on the leadership at the IAB and ISG every term with so much dedication, so much hard work. It has been amazing. The things that you have done. As the IAB chair have such a lasting impact. You have opened the IAB with IAB open the way we do liaisons, the way we even our website revamped. So everything that we think of IAB as current has been done under your leadership and it has been amazing. Tommy, on the big screen, always calm, collected, always clear in thought. As the IAB chair, we went through a transition. We had a bigger geographic and technical transition. So thank you. But you have been amazing. We had a lot of good work, and this is something that we're proud of. You have been so great. So thank you so much. It's been amazing. And we really appreciate the time zone dispersion. We had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well. And there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an IAB, we went to a new activities with respect to more active participation at Internet governance, and you helped us. You made sure that each of us at the IAB felt supported in all the activities that we do. So thank you. And finally, Jen. Jen has been our anchor when it comes to everything. NetEase. network management, operations, and Yang. And this is, and Chin showed us the diverse participation matters, having a viewpoint from looking from different areas, from different geography, bringing a different viewpoint to this IAB is fundamental, and Chin, you have shown that in your last two terms. So with that, I would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four outgoing members. For the two outgoing members who are here, we can use a photo opportunity. Maria, can I invite you, please? And Chin, let's go this way. We won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Kalan, but I think maybe somebody can make an AI-generated one. And with that, let's do introductions, and then we'll do open mic. For introduction, let's start with Jason. Jason Livinggood, IAB. Mark Nottingham, IAB. Mia Kulevent, outgoing IAB. Suresh Krishnan, IAB. Warren Kamari, in a surprising turn of events, IAB. Yaroslav Rosamaho, incoming IAB. Dhruv Dhody, incoming IAB chair. Alvaro Ruttana, IAB. Yingzhen Xu, incoming IAB. Dekutshan, IRTF chair. Qinwu, outgoing IAB. Can we have remote folks? Ali? Ali? Ali? Oh, yes. Sorry, sorry. You can hear me now? Yes. Hello, this is Ali. Ali Began, incoming IAB. Thank you. Kalan? Fluffy? All going. Glad that the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Do we have Jenna or I don't see Jenna, maybe. Matthew? Hi, Matthew Bochy, IAB. Nick? Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. And Roman, how come we are missing you? Thank you. Swim away. Thank you for being with us today. We will love to have euoursome opportunities in our communities. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I've got the pleasure of just being here in this room with all of you. It's just a organizational celebration about the Онлайн Youthrar증 and and inclusion of all people. And please follow the opportunities that we are bringing to theense classroom and that the companies to the new IABs and thank you for those that are leaving. And so I have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by AAB, especially on the liaison. I think Myriam and Suresh are working on that one. And I think this is really good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about liaison. I observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework. Liaisons are good, but they are just one part of the equation. We have seen in some areas like DM between ITF and SG17, we started to have leadership that started to speak to each other. And I must say thank you to Jim Reed. I don't know where Jim is. But he's a great person. Thank you. He was the one who pushed us here to do that. And that was good. However, it's only this week I realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other. And not that people don't want, in fact, but people don't know. Not only don't know, but even I don't know. I don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process, tools, et cetera. So that's probably something we should explore. The second thing is that. I was approached with a lot of questions after my side meeting. I would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are doing to the IAB so that we can really intimately understand together how we work and what could be tangible actions we could do together. Then the next point is about opportunities. There is going to be on the ITU side, a plenipotentiary that's supposed to be in Doha. We'll see what happens. But that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions. And I want to come back on the workshop on China and protection that the IAB promoted. Now, there is the window is slightly opened to make a change in this resolution. If you have some desires. And what you are doing now, now is the moment. It never happened in years. And we managed to unlock the doors at member state level. But now they know that they're going to modify it. So if you want to size this opportunity, do it. The last point is about AI. AI, AI, AI. So here, the frustration are the friction of three, three, three, meeting, IETF meetings. Each of them at side meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream. So I can understand Madrid, OK. more real. Now again. In fact, this week, we did the first official meeting with the both catalysts on . So the problem is timing. And so if you move on. Out? you move your brain until what's going to happen next and you consider a number of risks including for san francisco in november that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there i am doing on my side three meetings one plenary and one content week from now until next july so it's an offer i can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings size it because this will give you input to prepare the july meeting in vienna we must have something in concrete in vienna because if san francisco is risky that's the only moment we can do something so we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in vienna and and i will bring all the inputs you need let's make it happen so i know it was a lot of things you don't need to answer now but these are things we can do offline thank you uh let me tackle just a few points very quickly we will not go in depth for all of them with respect to liaisons i completely agree the first thing that we have to do is relationship i think that's when we do best when we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that so any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can have to discuss we can of course maybe get some better tooling whichever way you have that we find people reach out to us we want to do this better with ai the last question i think i'll leave that to isg from the iab side i think we are watching we are we help during the bof preparation with catalyst with other things so we are watching but that question specifically with side meeting and everything it's for the isg so hold on to that uh remind me any other what were the two other questions resolution for itu uh pp so thanks for bringing bringing it up we have uh plans to participate we are discussing uh this is still a lot of inputs coming in let's continue the conversation does any other ib member wants to add yeah please go ahead yeah i actually um appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this um way forward and like you are helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups in it you i think actually that works very well and as stu said like if you need to improve we can do that but i'm actually very positive that that i'm seeing that so thank you for that there is one regret i have just that can say that tommy and i discussed an idea of a workshop on a jaunty ki that would have helped remove a lot of hits and get the debates on we didn't do it i don't know why it happened but that's something that the ib could have done now it's too late but i think it's a good idea to do it and i think that's another way we can do it and achieve it for for the life um for the liaison piece in fact there is something that is simply a lack of practice in terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer early zone statement because for us sometimes tell us don't do it that would help us enormously because until we receive something from the community here saying i tell you don't do that i cannot show that to member states so there are few simple things that if the leadership works together we can pass you the message and help you organize that and it's it's easy it will not take too much time and everybody will be happy i i think we have made a bunch of improvements on that we have been sending acknowledgements at least and as well as nudging various groups where action is needed but as we have discussed this multiple times it's just a very different fundamental way the two organizations are dryer so every time we think of endingertime i think obviously they haven't given us enough time yet right now and even though whether we can talk about it a little bit more based on who is we closed our can put certain cookiecharge options in place it quickly takes them away they talked about um the need to know that they are then renegotiating so it's the only longer time and the most choice they dropped we have to find how they're doing so if we are still forced to work we have to find the middle ground let's continue to talk that's what i can offer and I really appreciate the opportunity and for being extremely important to the IIMBAS for their work over the last two, three years on outreach. It has made a difference and it has shifted the reputation of the community significantly in other bodies. So thank you for doing that and please continue. Thank you, Andrew. I didn't catch everything, but it seemed a little like you were happy, so that's good. Anyone else? Otherwise, going once, going twice, and ISG. So I'd welcome the incoming and outgoing ISG to the stage. Thank you. All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing Internet Area Director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the U.S. West Coast and keeping Europe up? And then, of course, we have the ITF, which is a very important and important job to have on the agenda. And this other kind of approach, practical approach, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement, like BPF, where we merged the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque, which is a really great honor. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the Art AD, but you were also the Shadow Sec and Wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consulting team and a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So Ori, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but, you know, Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a SEC area. So being a SEC area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area. How we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well. Paul, thank you to all of you out there. We need these. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition, if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to, from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to get us started. Okay. Hi, everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming R&D, Andy Newton, R&D, Orit Steele, outgoing R&D. Roman Danilo, Gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming Int. Eric, your turn. I'm going into AD. Sorry. So Eric, the other, Eric Vang, the other ongoing entity. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be an entity, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of ops AD. Jim Gishard, routing AD. Keetan Talawlikar, routing AD. Kuntur Vandevelde, in and outgoing, outgoing and incoming routing AD. And Momonou Kader, ops AD. Deb Cooley, SEC AD. Chris Anasio, SEC AD. Paul Waters, outgoing SEC AD. Drog Dhodi, incoming IAB chair. Mike Bishop, with AD. Gauri Fairhurst, renewing AD for WIT. Tomi? Tomi didn't have a chance to turn on his video. So Tomi Pauly is the outgoing IAB chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be doing a lot of work on that. But I think we're going to be doing a lot of work on that. And we're going to be down to only one Tomi and one Eric. OK. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to speak. All right. All right. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough time. I don't think we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteer. OK. So I'm going to ask you to volunteer to write some text. Did you just say you're going to volunteer to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. So we should take that and try to work on it. OK. All right. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to be able to do that. Thank you. And I think that's a great idea. And I think that's a great opportunity for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. OK. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get a lot of feedback from the dispatch. And I think that's going to be a great opportunity to get that out there and to get that out there to the people who want to work on it. I think we're going to see that. And I think that's going to be a great opportunity to get that out there because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. OK. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question on my little bit of critic regarding the way we manage the agent API situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say, Chieh, why don't you just go ahead and do that? I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. And it's a really good question. So if it was in my study group, people would say Chieh was the way forward. And my complaint here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created, and in fact, it's good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action, we cannot have consensus, we cannot organize ourselves, we are not creating . That's a lot of time that we lost. And, again, we need to have consensus. Yes. something just from a timing perspective in july so that means it is from now to july to do something and to be very direct i would i would like to see a little bit more prescription just to use that word from from the leadership here to say the guidance is this whatever you guys want to do okay but i think we need to be a bit more driven to um to stop this uh this entropy level so so yeah i would say we've heard from multiple angles or no like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of ai and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting i think the the the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process uh and you know in a sense how we're going to be able to do that uh recognizing that we have certain strengths in the itf with how we run things in tightly bound charters and you know what is the approach to on ramp it you know in there the bof you know that we just had in catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of i'm sure many things we we need to do and this is going to be a topic that the that the isu takes up at its uh at its uh strategy meeting slash kind of off-site about how to convert the energy not just in ai inside meetings into structural energy and that's what we're going to be doing in the next few weeks and that's what we're going to be doing in the next few weeks things in the in the standards process hey uh roman i just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting you know between ietfs we do have the capacity to do virtual interim bofs it's a relatively new procedure i've only seen one of them before but francesca previous art id helped set that up so if that's something that uh your you know communities or groups that have been meeting inside meetings would like to make use of i volunteer my two uh fellow art ids to take your requests um but i do think meeting between meetings is something that we should we should definitely be considering given the level of interest thanks uh thanks sorry so the the uh i i cannot do that for you i mean i i don't know enough what what's possible but that that's certainly a possibility just as a point of benchmark and i know i have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states so we you we had the first meeting on agentiki this is the first meeting of the team and the team on the catalyst red job that's step one for me step one started december 24th so in 15 months i am where i am but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus alignments understanding creation restructuring so just think about the time it takes to get there and time is evaporating the industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment and we are not going to be able to get there and we are not going to be able to get there we have a societal problem we have other requirements that are not being taken into account there is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom-up approach and don't see certain requirements so we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well other sdos working in this space so that we can accelerate each other that's my message thank you yeah strongly agree uh to solve the ai uh problem or ai kind of standards organization is going to take not not only this organization but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other sdos and professional kind of organizations and open source to to kind of get us get us there uh okay thank you uh so ij and you're next in the queue yeah i do i'm from trade silicone i have the uh similar uh concern for the working of the agent is uh you know uh in this meeting there are about over 16 side meetings related to AI. And I think many of them content is overlapped. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in more formal manners. Okay. Yeah, thank you for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said prior, the Catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to address bring in our intersections of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch-like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Yeah, Martin Duke. Contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I'm in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the – I'm conscious probably more than most people how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF, but I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there would be no counterprogramming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to, you know, really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with anything else. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users, for the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I happen to be chair of the MOQ now. My work group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. But I just want to leave the comment with IHG. Let's try to preserve that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross-area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, kind of, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we, of course, have ended up with a federated approach where, say, we're going to have to go to the next meeting, and we're going to have to go to the next meeting, and we're going to have to go to new activities, and we're going to have to go to the next meeting, and we're going to have to go to new activities. So we have to remove the hetero-economic challenge 순간 Do you take part in RPAs as part of your occurring yours. Or do you just take part in, there's a based and nonנסed that we could enter information like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work specifically that would be the non-working groups but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the you know some of the terms that has a connection with it for example for agent take ai agents and ai itself where would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of you know the foundational models those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts is there a place that we can you know join information and do some maybe a state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it in engineering on top of it uh i don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the ietf i think the answer would be the same but i think that's a good question i think that's a good question i think that's a good question i think that's a good question i think that's a good question i think that's a good question to produce an id an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to end even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer you to others right and i've done it multiple times dm is in art he started an end for instance right so it's quite common thank you we talk to each other and i think that's a good question and i think that's a good question i think that's a good question all right uh so i'm seeing the queue line uh empty would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment i'm pausing waiting james james we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic i think we have a hot mic james we okay you have dropped okay any other questions uh yes jane that's a good very kind of at a sukuma staff thing so i would that will be very interesting on our um refresher aMic Guerra you yeah that's greatly do helping yourlly you just great to have uh if there's a world where you're having questions between about nerve of both the um the there's a question um um between you and i i think that's a good moisturizer for uh beyond soft power transfer data where you can easily um challenge and fix um do glowing pagan um to alimentation of people função interferring around the global environment desired realization um open mic and if all is well George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote I I guess George is still there out SJ I can see you all taking seats taking up your seats great thanks I think we are ready do you want to do a quick introduction please on stage starting with George George Michaelson LLC board fellow Camarillo LLC board Jay Daly IETF executive director then we have you Roman Roman Dinello and may I am Kuna LLC board see a list of people in the queue so I will go first please oh cameras facing the wrong way doesn't matter I want to raise a question that relates to the in-person fee waiver I'm having a I find that the process the decisions are made very late and the processes as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences than rather than us who are living in Asia because permission is required also to wear a mask to wearing a mask is expected to include external skin damage the only one to be exposed to Ashley weston excellent okay so again public lights there is no permission used to be allowed toward the speaker the thank you regards уже ostrich see you the ready so I felt that we have you ready so let's just begin we have come at is there any other questions at șh nia state where do I need to go next okay if would the the person who made that is extend travel 그랬 e format exit state meet that timeline can you please communicate to me in advance itself that it's not possible for you to make that decision. Unfortunately I basically had to withdraw my request because I we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last-minute travel because even last-minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices and in general this is not just a request for me because more and more students from for example India people who are working independently like me are going to want to come to IETF. I'm been bringing work consistently to IETF so I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the Global South can be accommodated. Also I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because they are very good at this. They are very good at this. They are very good at this. IRTF and they learned of a similar situation actually did move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So let me take that question Miriam because that's this isn't an LLC matter this is the ITF chair matter. So yeah thank you kind of for that feedback. You're exactly right the IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach for the for the for the the things giving out by the ITF chair is one month out and that's largely historically been done to to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances not as a long-term kind of sustainment and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF is run so they're very fundamentally kind of different approaches for for why those those those fee waivers are handed out but your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa they have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges so it may tell you time for that paperwork to do process so I'm gonna take that feedback and look at at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that and you will commit to anything kind of here but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches one to continue doing is to give the IRTF process time and another one to do that in the future. it as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage to do an early tranche of approvals, because I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after typically a meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So stay tuned, Raoul. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Mark. Hi. Hi, Mark Nottingham. So in the presentation, we said the secretariat contract is still being renegotiated, and I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Can you communicate anything about why that is? Are there major sticking points? No. We can't explain anything about it at all. So no to the first part, but not to the second. Well, no to the first one and no to the second one. So there aren't any... Not any sticking points. Sorry. So there are no... Everything is continuing smoothly. These things just take some time. Okay. Thanks, Jay. Next up is Andrew. Hi. Good morning, hopefully... Good evening, Raoul. Hopefully you can hear me. I just want to say I was in the ICANN meeting in Mumbai last week, which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue. ICANN's... The agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITF's. Yet, from my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge the... To consider India as a future venue. I think it'd be excellent for us to go there. And ICANN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. And Pete? Hi. In the past couple of weeks, actually, once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments which at least are interpretable as the IETF LLC is the IETF. For some of us old, crusty folks, that's... Not a good thing. I think it's a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That the SDO is completely independent of the LLC as sort of part of the charter of the LLC. That there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the IETF, as far as I know, the IETF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper, or if I'm missing something. Yeah, thanks for bringing this up, Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there is any confusion. I don't know, Jay, if you want to comment on that. But I don't think we would say the LLC equals the IETF. Yeah. No. Yeah. So to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the IETF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the IETF LLC is constructed to at times be the LLC. Sorry, to at times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the IETF, then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7,000 individual. It will not be the 7,000 participants that turn up. And it will not be on behalf of those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the IETF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The IETF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role. And at times in that role, it has to be the IETF. The other one I gave to you was the IETF LLC. The other one I gave you, for example, was the trading name that the IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF of things. Okay. So what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation. And to say that that nuanced view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem. The problem I have is if the IETF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason, I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the IETF. The IETF, the SDO is those 7,000 individuals. Now. I don't know how a court deals with that problem. But at least within the community, there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF, the SDO. And if for purposes of contracting and other things, a DBA does not bother me if the IETF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing business as the IETF. Whatever. That's a business relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO, I think is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. Well, thanks for pointing this out. Pete. Bill. Thank you. well i yeah i don't know how to respond to this at this stage i wasn't in there and when the comments were made but um but yeah we'll discuss this um and how to make sure to not come across as confusing apparently thanks um hi thanks um my comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with um with the visas in our particular case we had two students from india who were scheduled to come here as fellows and unfortunately we just got their approval two days too late corresponding to their to their flights uh that's nobody's fault i mean it's just the way it goes i was only wondering if um when the venue was um analyzed whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how they would apply to visa so we discovered that we ourselves that's our fault we did not pay attention to the chinese new year was right in the middle and so for 10 12 days the embassy was closed in delhi and that just delayed the whole thing what would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and decent time to get the visas done because of that closure it became the main problem so i'm just wondering if that was ever um um a part of the thinking process and if not whether something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into um on the way yeah thanks john i'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist in the for the meeting when you're planning but then it's a good point we could um it's probably not always going to be possible you know to to add this into the planning cycle um but it's definitely something we can take into account all right thank you um who's next eric hi um so there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting about the suitability of this venue and whether people will be able to attend um i can't help noticing that in many of the meetings i'm in the majority of participants were remote and also a huge fraction of leadership including by my count the majority the iesg and the iab are remote um do you have any comments do you have any comments about what exactly about the suitability of this venue in light of those facts well i can point you to um roman statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and and and on site compared to other meetings um yeah and i can also say that i noticed that um the remote participation seems to work really well actually you know especially also for myself well i guess i'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization including you but i would notice yes including myself and i'm participating remotely this is not the only itf i'm not participating in person i mean so i guess it's up to everybody individually to to decide that um overall i think the venue was suitable i mean there are a lot of people on site especially from the country and neighboring countries so that seems to have worked out well i don't know if there are any other comments some other port members uh since the isg was kind of mentioned kind of speaking from that yeah there there definitely is not the full complement of the isg here in person uh we discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that uh as i had in my kind of plenary slide almost all of us are are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel and participate in different in different venues is kind of contingent on set approval and a number of parties that we see in the board of trustees and i think that's a really good point and i think that's a really good point and i think that's a really good point and i think that's a really good point and i think that's a really good point and on the isg i won't speak for the other leadership bodies we're not kind of approved and this is what that that turnout kind of looks like we're waiting from the isg side at least we are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on you know what what what was what was the experience of kind of all the participants in particular we're looking for the some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey so we are going to have some after you know as an after action some perspective on what what those experiences are uh from the very kind of quick looks uh we had participation may also be uneven kind of across areas about how much remote and is on site but it's just too early for us to say from the from the data that we have right now thank you um any other comments i don't see any on the stage um next up rahul again yeah so building on my question as well as jean-francois question uh is there any long-term consideration by idf on the venue based on the visa requirements because just uh for example here if the meeting was not in shenzhen but in hong kong traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports and uh i understand that the hosts would have some considerations but in general in the long term and again bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because uh the visa requirements were so liberal uh so i'm wondering uh if you have any thoughts on that yeah i guess you're very hinted i mean we're also dependent on on the host to certain extent and um and and and you know finding venues and et cetera and also i think what we've explained earlier you know similar discussions you know for we have the way i think that we can be inclusive of all the is that it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the pain if you will and make it easier for people um who have difficulties getting visas go to other countries so in this case you know a large um group of participants from china hopefully had it easier to participate um and and so um i think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people you know gets hit by difficulties um each time um but yeah i hear you i i it's difficult to um to find the perfect venue for in that respect in that respect no other comments from our side i think on that uh no yes uh hi miriam it's strange to see you again after the two weeks ago we're together so i'm not sure what eric tried to say in his comment but i will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here it was my leanest experience to come in china passing the passport getting the the no visa and all of that was extremely good and frankly speaking it's delightful my first time in shenzhen i see absolutely no issue i see the weather is fantastic the welcome from the chinese colleagues is excellent we had an amazing social event we are doing our work normally it's a pity that some of you cannot be there i can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons that's bad but again we should not let geopolitics come into this organization we should not right very simple we are going to have enough problems on that and we are going to see what happens in november i'm really curious but we should not allow that to continue that will be a dangerous path for the atf to continue in this direction so that's one comment so thank you for organizing this it must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work and i'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal the second thing i would like to say as well is to come back on pete's comments i think pete makes a very important point we should not confuse the two sides and we should be very very clear on the demarcation that he that he mentioned thank you thanks arnold um jason hi jason living good um this is in response to uh pete's question now i will first say i'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because i wasn't in any of those conversations when i heard things say but i would encourage people to reread rfc 8711 pretty straightforward um and section 4-3 that llc is established to provide administrative support to the itf has no authority over the standards development activities of the itf and it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting fundraising like fundraisers and so on uh compliance and its legal home holding ainsi was amellord and at that point was people also focused on huge issues like the outbreak and thecha puts jetztления beautifullyằng ill the recent ones and gang in international economy but the i Peninsula then very unimportant and stimulated again at 10 6 servicer and so on and so forth. And then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear, but I'm not clear on whatever the questions were. It might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion. And happy to help because unfortunately, I think I might've been involved in some. Yes, thanks Jason. Thanks for the clarifying this. And yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that RFC. Are there any comments from any of us on stage? No, seeing none. Next up is Vittorio. Hi, Vittorio Bertola. I didn't plan to come at the mic, but I did want to offer a different perspective to what Eko said. I think that having, and also to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing. Even if it means that many regulars are remote. Actually, I think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the ITF, all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places. It is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting, to come at least one time in person and discover this world, and maybe they will continue. And it is up to us, not up as meaning the regulars. I don't know if I'm a regular by now. Not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn their attention to the world. I mean, to regular contributors. And to this extent, I mean, to a certain extent, it was, I mean, in multiple sessions, I saw drafts presented by newcomers being met with their usual, unfortunately, attitude by ITF regulars. So, I mean, condescending, so outright hostility or just go away. So, I know the ITF has been putting effort in this and changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there. And this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So, in the end, yes, it's also said, honestly, that there are so many members of the leadership here. I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here. But the fact that we had the largest meeting of the ITF ever and possibly the meeting with so little, maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever, is something we have to think about. I think I'm sure that all of you made all the possible efforts to be here in person, but still the result is not satisfactory, maybe. Thanks. Thanks for your comments, Vittorio. Rohan. I support the fact that we came to China. And several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar reasons why they will not be able to attend. And we're going to be able to attend this meeting in San Francisco. And there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks. It's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go. We need to just suck it up. Okay? Just let the process run. We need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here. And not beat up everyone unless you have a concrete good suggestion for the future. So, we're going to have to make sure that we have a place for where we can go that is going to meet all of the requirements and is going to allow this regular change of venue so that things are convenient for different people in different continents. We just need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for that comment. Roberta? Hey, folks. I have a question. I have, I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to United States. Because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in the United States, you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have like some kind of support for people that are going over there that are afraid because it's, you know, they're not going to be able to get their visa. So, I'm wondering if you have any idea of what kind of support you're going to get. For any reason why, right, I used to be an ethical hacker. So, I got some personal interest at least going on. So, I wanted to ask do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the United States? And what are you planning as the country is on war right now, right? And what are you planning to do? And what are you planning to do? And what are you planning to do? And what are you planning to do? Yeah, thanks for bringing this up. I know people are concerned. We discussed this before. And, you know, similar to this meeting, I believe it's for everybody, individual to, you know, decide, you know, what the risks are and if you can make it or not. I'm not aware, Jay, I don't know if you want to comment on that, if you can provide any legal support for individuals. But in the past, at least. Roberto, no, unfortunately, that's not something we can do. It's too expensive. The liability is unlimited. It really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves. My biggest concern is that, you know, during the visa process might be everything okay. And then we arrive over there and I have some instances of friends that have been, you know, detained. And sometimes it's not. You know, just to go back home is to answer over there. It's more if we risk it, the organization might at least know that we are there, you know. But thank you. We are effectively a business conference in terms of visas. And if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming, sorry, coming to the U.S. for that purpose, not going to work or anything like that, then, you know, there are very, in fact, I'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country, not, you know, people coming to this sort of thing. I thank you for the comment. But actually I have some instances because of, you know, DEF CON and everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry, but thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Warren Kamari, I think I'm next. Yes. Just a quick follow-on from what Anand said. I found this to be a great venue. Everything's worked really nicely. People have been great. Yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa, but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries. So, you know, we have a lot of people, participants from China. This, I think, is the right thing to do and good on us. Thanks, Warren. Martin. Hi. So I'm not sure that the LLC Board has really listened to the community when it comes to either China or the US. And I would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with. As one of the factors in making a decision. And I think that those people who have suggested otherwise are denying reality to some extent. So I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard. And think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. If people are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people who turned up in person this time, if those people continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point. But yeah, I don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that. I think we have time for questions. No? Then. Hi there. Is my media working now? Yes. That's an excellent prelude to what I'm about to say. So I wanted to push back on Arnaud's point that this is about geopolitics. I actually come to the opposite conclusion of Martin about politics being important. I think that the IESG and the LLC were correct in that they are not necessarily about the same thing. I think the IESG and the LLC were correct in that they are not necessarily about the same thing. But I think that they are about the same thing. And I think that's a good point. I think that the IESG and the LLC were correct in their discussion with the community about this leading up to this selection that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right load star to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time, as geopolitics intrudes on our work more and more, I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that the IESG and the LLC were correct in. So I really, really hope that this information that was given to them is a wonderful way of showing who we are in terms of how to work in our own practice. So before we share if we wanted some more information with the labor industry, I do just want shut. I'm sorry about that. I do just want shut today. We've got A. I'll share with people if they have any questions or enhancements regarding the leverage lifecycle of storm water from contribution förstizo ela, in composing this event. We do have the last few questions Sweet from the public. The Middle Work and attitude team from the best IELTS organization and most likely as Globo my friendsesparer and in some backwards to the audience. Intro intro intro intro intro a 충 stuff soul Heroes fadevir s next Vou and whether we're going to be able to be effective with the venues we select. Yeah, thanks for the suggestion, Richard. We're definitely doing that, like with any other venue that we're going to. Thanks. So, Miriam, if I might, on that particular kind of topic, Richard, you highlight kind of a good point, which is that about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges. And is there after any meeting a learning experience on, is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future? So I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to GEN Dispatch. Tomorrow we have a draft being presented on the topic of network requirements. And if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network, kind of for the meeting, this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like. So please come to that discussion. The LLC, I think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus, the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria. And thanks for the plug for my draft, Raymond. I wanted to flag that a bit more broadly, though, for the IESG and LLC, right? The question was posed to the LLC and to the IESG, will this meeting be effective? Right. There was a proactive, a prediction that you guys were asked to make. And so I think as you're having board meetings, IESG retreats, things like that, I think it would be useful for you. These are bodies in, you know, internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turn out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future. Yeah, thanks for that addition, Tony. Hi, Tony Lee. I'm an American. The way the United States government is operating right now, the ITF cannot protect anyone. The government is running around basically bands of thugs, and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable. We've seen them detain citizens. We've seen them detain people who were illegally there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But when you're going to be in the United States, there, there's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the U.S. thanks toni. Yeah, I don't kind of comment on this. The stage, thanks for this ease of information. Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. Then I see one more. more Benjamin. So as a new participant in meetings with the IETF, the one thing that I have learned is at least from many of you is that work at the IETF happens on the mailing list. So to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group. These are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this venue choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks, Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. We're a little over time. So I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great day. And I hope you all have a great evening there, be there in person. Miriam, before we sign off, Jay, do you want to repeat the social-focused activity kind of tonight with the light show that you sent out to the community? This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CNNika Huawei. So this will be starting at 8 p.m. for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across the whole of the IETF. So if you would like to join us for the next meeting, we will be there. We will be in the city centre as a welcome to the IETF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the civic centre, where there will be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock. It's about 10, 15 minutes walk. We should see you all there. Jay? Is there another question? I guess not. The microphone is off. So enjoy. By the way, we have provided lots of social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take anyone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know, I know. Thank you. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Thank you.