Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. We are going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF trust. And after that is going to be the IETF administration LLC report. And we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. This year, this time we're meeting with the IETF trust, and we're going to have a series the order is going to be the IAB, the IASG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide, please. So before we get started, I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site, like the Secretariat, the MeetEcho team, the NOC team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that pushed the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments, you know, as quickly kind of as possible. So when we arrive at the meeting, we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of the LSA staff. Thank you. And I want to thank those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Well, thank you for that. So next I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Cai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Thank you. Mr. Xian Cai. Thank you for putting a Again I would like to express my bist tires affirmation. Good afternoon, everyone. I am honored to be able to attend the 125th IETF Conference in Shenzhen, where experts in the field of Internet technology can participate. First, on behalf of the Information Management Department of the Industrial and Information Technology Department, I would like to send my warmest congratulations to all the guests and friends who have come from afar, who have been supporting and caring for the development of Chinese Internet in the long run. As an internationally influential organization in the field of Internet, IETF has made irreplaceable contributions in the creation of core Internet contracts, architecture, and technical standards since its establishment. We have contributed to the prosperous development of the Internet around the world, and have firmly established technical foundations. We express our high praise for this. China preserves the spirit of open, inclusive, cooperative, and win-win, persists in open, collaborative technology, supports Internet technology communities to deepen international exchanges, actively participates in the creation of international technical standards, network infrastructure, and Internet communication, promotes the construction of a peaceful, safe, open, and inclusive Internet space, and contributes to the development of the Internet, which is a global Internet that can be expanded and innovated. At present, the new technology in the field of Internet is in the process of being developed. The integration of artificial intelligence and other technologies into the Internet has brought opportunities for development and new challenges. We look forward to the opportunity to discuss the potential of the Internet and the innovation of the Internet. We also look forward to the development of the Internet and the development of the Internet. We hope that this conference will promote the cooperation and achievement of the various parties to promote the development of the Internet and the high quality of the Internet industry. Let's work together to open up innovation, and build a common network space and fate community, so that digital civilization can be more inclusive and inclusive. Thank you. I hope that the Internet will be a good source of information for the world. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and happy life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of the Chinese Institute of Technology and Technology, and the Director of CNNIC. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right. So next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take, if you're interested in more details, for what I'm going to talk about here, or additional facts and kind of figures and summaries since we last met, please do click on that link that says full report, and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen, and I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site that we've gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So, you know, phenomenal to see the community come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on-site is within the bands that we've had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement that I, of the, of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look, if you look around, you know, you're sitting to your left are two people and, you know, one other person to your right, one of those people is new to the IETF, unless you are. So one quarter of, almost one quarter of participants here at the IETF have never been to a meeting before, and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the IETF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the internet. Please join a mailing list. You know, please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes. And we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna or perhaps in San Francisco, the future venues we have for our meetings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here. And also equally unsurprising, we have a very, very robust participation from China, given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the IESG has issued no statements and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements is, was related to an appointment to the IETF Trust and to the IPMC. So first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner, who has been selected, and we really appreciate your willingness to participate. And we also want to thank you to the IESG for the willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP 245 moderators. And I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. Next slide, please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical, from the chart on the historical appeal volumes, that 2025 was, was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity, since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening, to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in GEN affects each and every one of you in the room, because the processes defined in GEN impact every working group and everything published in the, everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and code points are specified here in IETF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS working group. If you aspire to, to tailor, to change or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the PROCON working group, the process documenting consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property, intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I'd talk more about, the Mod Pod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary, their primary artifact, RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF. This was recently approved. To realize that and to implement that process, that first step is the IESG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be write those procedures and then of course execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community if, to, we have a call to the community to seek moderators. So, if you are interested in that role, please let the IESG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well and we'll consider it and we'll, we'll, we'll reach out to them. And then the last, the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the architecture. It appears we've lost Roman. If you could please stand by for one minute. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So, as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this is, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on architecture, discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into, into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to, to, to almost end this thing with two. Thank you. So the first I wanted to acknowledge that the, the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time. They pay for their travel. They pay for their time and pay for their travel. And this enables them to be here to, to, to serve the community and also to do that each and every, each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with, with, with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the director of meeting operations and sponsorships. But she will be unfortunately exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now for in so many places around the world, about 54, four of those. And that, that space that she's given us has been, that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world in an interoperable kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. So that's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie, and honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you. Thank you so much. And, you know, best of luck with your, with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the panel. Have a great day. So next slide. I now turn it over to Drew dudey, who congratulations is the new chair of the. IAB. The committee's chair Philipp, captain PB, the V statue on the し salary, His actuallyauf, Hello everyone, I'm Dhruv Dhuri, I'm the incoming IAB chair. Next slide please. Perfect. Yes, so we have the full IAB report which you can find on our website as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out those videos as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data tracker. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also there. We were also at the APNIC meeting in Jakarta where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen. As well as Robin was at VSS plus 20 high level UN meeting where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk who will talk about IRTF. DIRK KUTCHER, IRTF Chair, IAB Thank you, Dhruv. Hello, I'm Dirk Kutcher, I'm the IRTF Chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So as IRTF Chair, I see it as my job to bring in new projects. I'm very happy to be here. I'm very happy to be here. I'm very happy to be here. I'm very happy to be here. So we're bringing in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training and so on. And so, at this meeting, I have received really great support I just realized, in the past days. So there has been a young tenant program in China, supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. there has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here not only this meeting but also previously and there is a program in Brazil that brought 18 people to this meeting and so the Brazilian friends they had the longest journey by far so they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days and Brazilians maybe please stand up so we can see you all welcome so they come all this way to you know engage with us to meet the experts to meet the leadership and I really hope this will be worthwhile okay so in the IRTF we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week so we still have meetings by Crypto Forum, RASP-RG and Network Management-RG coming up in the next two days please check that out then we have the applied networking research workshop and the applied networking research prize that's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee support high quality research and also get new ideas new people in and ANW and the workshop is kindly supported by ACM SICOM and Akamai and we do this yearly at our summer IRTF meeting so next one will be in Vienna IRTF 126. the workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan thanks very much for doing the work call for papers is open please submit your papers until April 17th the applied networking research price recognizes the best results in applied networking from like last year so what we do is we nominate like top contributions in the field of applied networking and then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones and this is supported by ISOC, Comcast and NBC Universal. And quite often we get really, really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite current at the moment in the IITF. And so just today in IITF Open, we had two NRP winners. So we had Tianyi Gao and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks and Xiangjie Huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high quality real time communication. Congratulations. So this week we actually had two IITF Open meetings. So one just before. And on Tuesday we had one that was dedicated on discussing internet working research challenges for AI. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic. So we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IITF in this field. So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges. And there's a lot of working in academia and in our conference and so on. We want to figure out, okay, how can we make this useful for our larger community? So we invited two really great presentations on different aspects and had good discussion and on potential topics. So what we identified so far was testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments, like the broader distributed system and protocol design for this with learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming out and new abstractions for like collective communications and so on. But also more principled approaches towards agent communication. Also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the this morning. But so the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of naming, identity, trust delegation, and also group communication. And yeah, finally, we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google, and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from Asia, really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested or if you know somebody who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So this is my last report as the ITF NOMCOM Chair for this cycle. These were the people of the NOMCOM 2526 cycle, the voting members. Some of them are here. So please thank them if you see them in the hallway. I've seen one of my NOMCOM members in the Tokyo remote hub. So people in Tokyo, thank him also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Dejan. Good, but it's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So we're very happy with the current selection. So we had one selection for the ELS. One for the federal board, one for the trust. ITF, trust and IPMC, six selection Connecticut selected candidates for the IB two term periods. And for this year, the ITF Chair and 46 areas candidates in the sign for the père of two years. So I'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next. term willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity, of course. That's something that's important to us, to our community, and also to the NOMCOM. We got a day training this year, like last year, about unconscious bias, etc. So that's important. I think that's something that the NOMCOM was very aware of, also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations. Some highlights here are, well, not a highlight per se. There's no gender diversity improvement this cycle. So we're aware of that, we're conscious of that, but of course, we try to improve the diversity of the NOMCOM. So we're aware of that, we're conscious of that, but of course, we try to improve every year. But this is an observation here. We improved on regional diversity. That's a good thing. So different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. So there's a constant improvement here, and we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline, young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. And we also hear that from the community. In every review, all the reviews we receive, thank you, ITF community, for your reviews, for your feedback on the nominees. It's important and stressed, think about new generation, about the next generation leadership. So with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the NOMCOM members always ask about thinking about your succession. And luckily, most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring. So I think that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing. So I think that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing. Candidates for or nominees actually for the next NOMCOM cycle. And of course it's up to the NOMCOM in one, two, three, four years to select the nominee. But it's good that we have nominees to select from. So thanks. Yeah, as I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place, but we can always do better. So it's a constant process. Another thing is well, lessons learned. first first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before um it's a good document our rfc 8713 but they're in practical situations it doesn't say anything about well new situations or things we haven't thought of um so well there's one thing mentioned the chair can with the nomcom always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process and well and accept it or a not expected situation so it works uh as in the same bullet point here um the nomcom process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition and that works also but and that's now now a new point i want to work on at least some basic documentation how the things work some steps basic steps at least how to proceed through the nomcom as a chair um and that could also help with the help of well kind of delegating tasks to the secretary because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary so it's good to have some documentation and mostly the practical stuff um that's yeah and also for myself at least during the deliberations i spent a little bit too much time on the voting it's just a lot would not be Ken Daniel i know you know the bit and also for the other two supporting advocacy that you've flavor you know and then i'd like to take a little chat to the next speaker um Riley Houser is the board chair of the belonging of Hari tarikagar hiring center of Doctrine and Co holding configurations and coordinating early consultation training processes Thank you all for the opportunity to be the NOMCOM chair for this cycle. It was very, well, I learned a lot and it was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Also, the ITF community was very supportive. In the beginning, I made some mistakes. And as you are, you directly send me an email that I made a mistake. But it was always supportive. People helped me out. So thank you. Also, the NOMCOM voting members were very, very dedicated. So it was a great team. I mentioned that already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chairs, advisors, and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice. It's almost I get an award for the Oscar Academy Awards with all the thank yous. Good. Before I leave the stage, I want to call out, volunteer for the next cycle of the NOMCOM. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also you learn a lot of things about the ITF process, about the people in the ITF, and its processes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. my name is Robert Lind ooh. That is a little bit taller than I am. And I was on the NOMCOM, and I will echo. Please do the NOMCOM. It's a really great experience. You learn so much. And you meet some great people. E воспosteinobia ,wèle ホ koin nya mantou. Anyways, I'm Glen Dean, and I'm the outgoing chair of the IPMC Group. mni aorign e servicicks quicker. o information oh please. to ITF 125. So, NOMCOMs do what they do and the IESG does what it does and they both appoint people to the ITF Trust and the IPMC board. In this cycle we say goodbye to Kristen Burden who has served us as an IESG appointee. Kristen was really helpful, she's a lawyer by training, very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing doing the ITF, IPMC creation and setup. So, thank you very much for Kristen for your service to the ITF Trust and the IPMC. Then, there's this guy, he's been around for quite a while and one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term limited. Many of our roles at the ITF, the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles are short term limited. We are only composed of three of the three. I'm not quite sure when that was the case in the past. We are not completely clear on the whole process. are term limited we like people to stick around the itf trust to build up an institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization that doesn't mean you stick around forever and this guy is leaving uh after sticking around for a little while so i i i've had a lot of fun i've learned a lot of stuff i will say if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the itf this is a great role to apply for in the future when i started it back in the day i was terrified i was walking in the shadow of giants and i learned so much by being part of it i really highly recommend that you consider it uh this coming year when the nomcom is appointing another person so uh thank you for letting me be that role i've really enjoyed it thank you so we have a new set of uh directors for the itf ipmc a couple of them are carrying over but we've got two new ones lars egret he is coming in as is sean turner and we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers so i'd like to announce that wendy seltzer has taken on the role of ipmc president sean turner who i think is in in the tokyo uh remote is taking on the role of ipmc treasurer which wendy is vacated and uh lars will be taking on the ipmc secretary likewise uh the the idea of trust is in the final throws but we still needed some people around to close up shop and so the decision was made that the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust chair is going to be the trust chair uh and so i'm very happy to be here with them and i'm going to be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust chair will be wendy so uh thank you wendy for taking on both roles all right so that's the in and the old stuff let's talk about uh what we've been doing so uh we like to give a report and usually these numbers are zero because you know trust is set up to be very boring and when everything's perfect it is very boring uh but since we last met in montreal we've had two licensing requests uh that are above and beyond the normal licensing request we get and we have issued one new license it was to the ieee uh to use the asn1 module from rfc 9881 so there we we got one uh the other good news though is we have had zero legal actions which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there it means that we never we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody which is really good if you deal intellectual property assets so here's the other uh big update if we've we've been working on a lot of things in the last couple of weeks we've been working on this restructuring from a virginia trust into a delaware corporation and those of you been around the itf for a little while i've been giving a lot of reports on this so we've had some progress uh the bylaws were updated uh between when we met in montreal and now we had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the ccg this is part of the community agreement that we took on when we uh took on the iana assets back in 2016 and we updated the ipmc bylaws to recognize the ccg's role with relation to the ian assets so this formally connects that group with the bylaws that the ipmc operates under and that was up for a 60-day review all of you gave us comments we took them into account and then in december we actually voted to adopt them and those are on the ipmc website at that url this one's big it's we've been working for a couple years now to get this transition done last monday a week ago monday i signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the itf intellectual property assets from the itf trust into the ipmc corporation the ipmc is now doing the work of managing the ip except for patents the ipmc does not do patents itf and that is a major milestone so um hold your claws on that because there's something coming out for that one but i think this is a major a major moment we have something we've been working to for years and i'm super happy that we finally got there we're not fully done yet though the inaip which is trademarks and domain names related to the anna function is uh still in process because we need some signatures there's agreements that establish the role of the itf trust with relation to the iana and there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the itf trust to the ipmc so i've done my signature before i be no longer was the chair uh i know that jay has done a signature on the behalf of the ieb itf if you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures on sign the documents we get that thing done uh and some final things roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the ietfs uh documentation uh because if you look at the itf documentation it's got the word itf trust all over the place we have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the itf ipmc as the successor to that so that drafts out there and is active uh i saw that url for the ipr wg list and finally the uh trust legal provisions which are now becoming the technical legal provisions so we can keep that same acronym are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the ipmc is now the party holding the assets to the itf one of the changes there's no legal changes to that document uh we're same terms if your lawyers have approved it and like it they're remaining consistent two changes though since that draft or that document was first written version five the editorial stream got created and so we're officially recognizing it in in the next version uh that's just sort of a thing and the other thing is the independent stream uh there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works and so there'll be a separate document now published especially especially for the independent stream and oh and they'll be published for comment uh for a 30-day period for you to get your voice in so here's the thing i wanted to recognize uh you know we've done the outgoing for myself and for kristen but i think we should also do an outgoing for the itf trust it served this community since 2005 when it was created uh it's officially ending operations this year it's got literally at this point i think about 1200 in the bank and it has a handful of dns domains that are part of the iana work that's it and so once those agreements are signed those things are transferred over and it does its final tax filings it's done so i i really did want to have a hand for the itf trust uh because it has made this what is the itf functional and it's done it for uh 21 years that's quite a great quite a service to this community and i wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as itf trustees this is an unpaid job they're all volunteers uh they've done a tremendous amount of work for this community uh and a lot of people don't even know what they do so it's which is good because it means they didn't get sued because no drama no excitement but anyways for the itf trust and for all the people volunteer can i please have a round of applause and that is how to contact the ipmc and get more stuff george don't leave the stage so glenn thank you for your many years of service and allow me to present you with this plaque you can't have it um hello and welcome my name is jade haley i'm the itf executive director nice to see so many people in the room thank you for your time and i'm going to give you a little bit of a brief introduction about the itf and i'll start by thanking our itf 125 host cn nick and our co-host xinhua university the internet society of china ccsa and the computer network information center of the chinese academy of sciences thank you very much i also want to thank very much huawei our special contributor and social event sponsor those of you who came last night to the social event i'm sure we'll remember that that is the best social event we have had that was spectacular thank you and then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor zte to our local sponsor ap nick and to the host of the itf cn ccpd and our local supporters core mail thank you i also want to thank our ietf 125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion thank you very much to akamai and huawei and thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for ietf 125 we have comcast and i can for diversity and inclusion we have a zte for sustainability i can and cn nick for running code and the nick and nominate for the open internet thank you all very much and then finally thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsors without whom we would have to spend the rest of the day with you and then finally thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsors without whom we would have to spend the rest of the day with you spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the ietf with them we do currently thank you very much to all of you i should particularly like to note china mobile who and china unicom who have helped very much with this conference um we have staff on site helping us out um with our wi-fi which is really going above and beyond thank you very much for that desserts um um um um um um um um um um um um um daniel bencarn uh uh bill uh every meeting it seems our logos get more and more desirable so once again I'm happy to tell you we you can get our our swag from the online store and we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting particularly for those people who go running such as our current ITF chair you so I want to give a special shout out to the manager generous volunteers that help us out we in building the ITF tools and in running the ITF knock we rely on multiple people who give their time freely to help that work so thank you very much for those people you you you and and and Rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this but I think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here so we have the secretariat me taco and the knock thank you all very much your work applause and here at ITF 125 we only have a subset of the ITF staff staff so I'm on site clearly I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers they are staffing the tools help desk so please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them we also have the RPC staff at our ITF 125 Ilana Alice and Sandy were here they are also staffing at desk so if you have any questions about our RPCs sorry RFCs all of my staff and for everybody to see them there I can take an answering machine now then maybe after this we'll come back back to know all the Q&A so and now we know all the Q&A Red Club is here so I don't have to wait any longer I can see all of this we are now continuing to act you on theANCETD focus here in Davos so to cover two days WILL THE socially錯 economy director Mattこ seismic into Gross Southern Europe fidelity Star for services consideration education expert and coaching sorry rfcs or the editing process please go and speak to them and we have the full secretariat on site as well so this is a simple diagram of the current structure there so look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support see them if you need to want to speak about anything particular then please speak to them as well so finally on the thanks thank you to our global hosts our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the ietf and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need thank you very much so ietf126 vienna registrations are open this will be the first time that we've had a meeting with the ietf group and we're going to be able to talk about the ietf 126 vienna registration process and we're going to be able to talk about the ietf 126 vienna registration process and we're going to be able to talk about the ietf 126 vienna registration process and we're going to be able to talk about the ietf 126 we are expecting to come we are just about to sign with the host for the meeting so that's good news for us and i hope very much to see as many as possible of you there so looking forward to our meetings we have vienna coming up and then after that we have ietf 127 in san francisco and since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced verisign as the host of that meeting ietf128 in asia we are still in the negotiations with it generally takes us quite some time to negotiate asian venues they are more complicated we often have to use convention centers and us being a us company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship so that's going ahead and we're going to be able to come back and see what we can do to get the best out of it do you know we've got quite a bit of work to do but some things are going to have to be done in the future um but if we can get you back to the office and do some things that we can do then we'll be able to get you back to the office so we certainly aim to announce that by vienna if possible ietf129 europe that was due to be signed and then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day so we are just trying to work through that and then we'll be able to announce that um hopefully quite shortly itf 130 in has now been announced that's the hyatt regency vancouver that we've been back to a number of times course looking for a meeting host for that. IETF 131 in Asia, we have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues and we are hoping to, and we're in the negotiations now about that, so that's moving forward. IETF 132 Europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out and IETF 133 is not on here in North America but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in South America for that. So that's where we currently are with our meetings booking. We're a little bit behind but we have so many of them quite close that we'll catch up quickly and then we'll be a bit ahead I think by the end of this year on meeting bookings. So that's it for me. Thank you very much. Handing over to Miriam. Thanks Jay. I hope you can hear me and see me. My name is Miriam Kuehne. I'm the board of the LLC, I'm the chair of the LLC board, that's more correct, and I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term studying at this meeting. I think Cindy is going to control my slides. So please go on to the next slide. Yes, this is the full board. You can see here Gonzalo and George are there with you in person. Roman as you saw was online. I'm online here and Shona cannot join us for this meeting. But you're all watching. So next slide please. Yeah, this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the end of year balance and I'm not going to go through all the numbers. You can do that in the chat. I'm going to go through all the numbers. You can do that in the chat. In your own time, I mean for transparency reasons, obviously we put them here on the slide so they will be published. You see some notes there. So if you go to the next slide, you'll see some explanations and more details can be found always in the financial statements that we publish every month and then also at the end of the year. Overall, one thing to note here is that there are some like higher numbers as budgeted. So the positive variances there are mostly comprised of an additional endowment contributions which always will also be available to you. So that's a good thing. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I mean, we'll definitely welcome ISOC matching funds, also the annual contributions from ISOC and some unrealized gains from investments that we have there. So that's good news. So next slide please. Just some items that the Board is currently working on. We are still working on the Secretariat contract with Tendering that's ongoing. We've published the 2026 budget after consultation. And we're also working on the Tendering that's ongoing. We've published the 2026 budget after consultation. of the community consultations. So that's out on the website. As you've seen, we've piloted this new feature with remote rooms for ITF meetings. And I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions. It seems to work really well. And so, well, thanks mostly to LSE staff and there Greg Wood, I think, took the lead for making this possible. And we're gonna evaluate the experiences with this after the meeting and see how we can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual retreat in April, the board retreat, we're preparing for that to look at like future planning, strategy, a risk register and other plans that we're doing kind on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here, but it's certainly also on our mind, our meeting network and the meeting language, the locations. And I really, I wanna stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists, specifically also on meeting networks. And we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed tomorrow, I believe, in gen dispatch. And then I will see where that goes after that. And so, yeah, please watch that space and contribute to that work. Next slide, please. You can also contribute to our work while participating in our board meetings. We have a monthly board meeting. Here are the dates, they are also on the website. And Michelle, our secretary, she always sends out announcements for the board meetings. So they're open to observers, at least like partially part of the meetings. We also have some closed sessions with staff and Jay. But yes, please join us for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to our work. Next slide, please. I think that's about it. Yes, you can find a lot more information on the websites from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements. And also here are a number of mailing address, mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. Admin discusses our generic kind of at the administrative mailing lists where most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Well, let's start with thanking the outgoing IB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen, as we know him, has fluffy. And I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair now that he's not on the IB anymore, maybe. But seriously, it's so good to talk to you. When we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to, the heart of the matter and with that much clarity of thought it has been amazing having discussions with you maria uh you you have served a decade on the leadership at the ad ib and isg every term with so much dedication so much hard work it has been amazing the things that you have done as the ib chair have such a lasting impact uh you have opened the ib with ib open the way we do liaisons the way we even our website revamped so everything that that we think of iv as current has been done under your leadership and it has been amazing tommy uh on on the big screen always calm collected always clear in thought uh as a ib chair you we went through a transition we had a bigger geographic and time zone dispersion we had to figure out a new way to work you managed it so well and there was so much to learn from you on how to do that uh as an ib we went through a new activities with respect to more active participation at internet governance and you helped us you made sure that each of us at the ib felt supported in all the activities that we do so thank you and finally uh chin uh chin has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management operations and yang and this is uh and chin showed us the diverse participation matters having a viewpoint from looking from different areas from different geography bringing a different viewpoint to this ib is fundamental and chen you have shown that in your last two terms so with that i would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four outgoing members for the two outgoing members who are here we can use a photo opportunity to invite you please and chin let's go this way we won't have the photo opportunity for tommy and cullen but i think maybe somebody can make an ai generated one and uh with that let's do introductions and then we'll do open mic uh for introduction let's start with jason jason livinggood iab mark nottingham iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab iab warren kamari in a surprising turn of events iab yaroslav rosamacho incoming aib through tody incoming ib chair alvaro rotana iv in jenji incoming iab do kutcher irtf chair q argon ib as iets pase take penn слуш uwagę problem do we have Jenna or I don't see Jenna maybe Matthew hi Matthew bocce IAB Nick Nick Sullivan incoming IAB and Roman how come we are missing you I think we can't hear you Roman okay move on open mic questions for IAB and somebody will help me with the Q Oh Harry's are not right so congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are that are leaving and so I have a couple of points the first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by AAB especially on the liaison I think Miria and Suresh are working on on that one and I think this is really good I have a few things that have emerged the first one is speaking about liaison I observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework liaisons are good but they are just one part of the equation uh we we have seen in some areas like DM uh between uh ITF and SG 17 we started to have uh leadership that started to speak to each other and I must say thank you to Jim Reed I don't know where Jim is but he was the one who who pushed us here to do that and that was good um we we however it's only this week I realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other and not that people don't want in fact but people don't know um not only don't know but even I don't know um I don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process tools Etc so that's probably something we should explore the second thing is that I I was approached with a lot of questions after my sad meeting I would love the idea to be able to present the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the idea to be able to present uh what me or other groups are doing to the IAB so that we can really intimately understand together how we work and what could be tangible actions we could do together um then the next point is about opportunities um there is going to be on the ICU side of a plenipotentiary that's supposed to be indoor so we'll see what happens but um that's a big opportunity for uh revising resolutions and I want to come back on the workshop on China and protection that the IAB promoted now there is the window is slightly opened to make a change in this resolution if you have some desires based on what you are doing now now is the moment it never happens in years and we managed to unlock the doors at member state level so now they know that they're going to modify it so if you want to size this opportunity do it the last point is about AI I I I okay so here the frustration are the friction of three IETF meetings that each of them have outside meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream so I can understand Madrid okay now again in fact this week we did the first official meeting with the buff catalysts on agent harmonic so the problem is timing and so if you move if you move your brain until what's going to happen next and you consider a number of we yea uh but I only need five days it's only a number of risks including for San Francisco in November that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there I am doing on my side three meetings one plenary and one content week from now until next July so it's an offer I can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings size it because this will give you input to prepare the July meeting in Vienna we must have something in concrete in Vienna because if San Francisco is risky that's the only moment we can do something so we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in Vienna and I will bring all the input you need let's make it happen I know it was a lot of things you don't need to answer now but these are things we can do offline thank you let me tackle just a few points very quickly we will not go in depth for all of them with respect to liaisons I completely agree the first thing that we have to do is relationship I think that's when we do best when we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that so any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can up to discuss we can of course maybe get some better tooling whichever way you have that we find people reach out to us we want to do this better with AI the last question I think I'll leave that to ISG from the IAB side I think we are watching we are we help during the BOF preparation with catalyst with other things so we are watching but that question specifically with side meeting and everything it's for the ISG so hold on to that remind me any other what were the two other questions resolution for ITU PP so thanks for bringing bringing it up we have a lot of plans to participate we are discussing this is still a lot of inputs coming in let's continue the conversation does any other IB member wants to add yeah please go ahead yeah I actually appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this way forward and like you are helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups in ITU I think actually that works very well and it's to set like if you need to improve we can do that but I'm actually very positive that that I've seen that so thank you for that uh there is one regret I have just that can say that Tommy and I discussed an idea of a workshop on a jaunty KI that would have helped remove a lot of hits and get the debates on we didn't do it I don't know why it happened but that's something that the IAB could have done now it's too late but we have another way we can do it and achieve it for for the life for the liaison piece in fact there is something that is simply a lack of practice in terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer a liaison statement because for us sometimes tell us don't do it that would help us enormously because until we receive something from the community here saying I tell you don't do that I cannot show that to member states so there are few simple things that we can pass you the message and help you organize that and it's it's easy we not take too much time and everybody will be happy I I think we have made a bunch of improvements on that we have been sending acknowledgements at least and as well as nudging various groups where action is needed but as we have discussed this multiple times is just a very different fundamental way the two organizations work we have to find a middle ground let's continue to talk that's what I can offer okay any other uh we have one more person but I can see the name uh Andrew in Shenzhen um I just wanted to yeah extremely yeah uh I miss for their work over the last two three years on outreach it has made a difference and it has shifted uh the reputation of the community significantly in other uh bodies so thank you for doing that and please continue thank you Andrew I didn't catch everything but it seemed a little like you were happy so that's good thank you anyone else otherwise going once going twice and ISG so I'd welcome the incoming and outgoing ISG to the stage foreign foreign N spatula so foreign ok so so so so All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of is this topic worth waking up the U.S. West Coast and keeping your Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach, practical approach, got us great working groups. And had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF, where we merge the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And, you know, we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Oli Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Oli, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the R&AD, but you're also the shadow SEC and WIT AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So, Oli. Really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways. But, you know, Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a SEC area. So being a SEC area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area, how we did it before. It's not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the ISG. So I think that's a big part of the legacy that you have. And I think that's the biggest part of the legacy that you have. And I think that's the biggest part of the legacy that you have. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you outgoing ADs. Thank you. So Ori, we have a question. We have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition, if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming. So the dots are getting passed from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to get us started. Okay. Hi, everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming art AD. Andy Newton, art AD. Ort Steele, outgoing art AD. Roman Deneuve. Neil, you, Jen. Tommy Jensen, incoming int AD. Eric, your turn. I'm going int AD. Sorry. So Eric, the other, Eric Ving, the other ongoing int AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be int AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of ops AD. Jim Gishard, routing AD. Ketan Talawlikar, routing AD. Kuntur Vandervelde, in and outgoing, outgoing and incoming routing AD. And Momin Dukadar, ops AD. Deb Kuli, SEC AD. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Awesome. These are going too far. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Okay. Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday. And Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? Is there a problem of interoperability? Are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, they're not going to be able to get them in line. So I would say that they're going to be a challenge. And I would say that IAB is going to be a challenge. So I'm going to ask a couple of questions. It's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with, in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs, taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you volunteered to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters. And they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. So we should take that and try to work on it. All right. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion. Pete, I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress. And we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question. On my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agent ETI situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created and in fact is good that people could discuss about it. But we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. We are not. So that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription just to use that word from the leadership here to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So thoughts? Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles are no like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more. More. We need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the ITF with how we run things in tightly bound charters. And what is the approach to on ramp it in there? The boss that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of I'm sure many things we need to do. And I think that's a really important point. And this is going to be a topic that the that the issue takes up at its at its strategy meeting slash kind of off site about how to convert the energy not just in AI inside meetings into structural things in the in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETF. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim boss. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them. I've seen it before. But Francesca previous art ID helped set that up. So if that's something that you're, you know, communities or groups that have been meeting inside meetings would like to make use of I volunteer my two fellow RDA to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, sorry. So the the I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough. What's possible. That that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we you we had the first meeting on agentic AI this week, thanks to Adrian and the team on the catalyst. Great job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24. In 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus alignments, understanding, creation restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. And time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There's a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom up approach and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well. Other SDOs. Working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree to solve the AI problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations and open source to kind of get us get us there. Okay, thank you. So I Jen, you're next in the queue. Yeah, I do. I'm from a triangle. I have the similar concern for the working of the agent is it you know, you this meeting there are about over 16 side meetings related to the AI. And I think many of them were contained of many content of many of them contained either or left. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly. How we put forward this work you want more formal manners. Okay. Yeah, thank you. Thank you kind of for that feedback. Again to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior. The catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects. It intersects many if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring, bring in our intersections of the existing work that we have the existing areas that we have each one of those has some mechanism to to onboard whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes just because again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. So that's a that's a great point. Next question. Martin. Martin Duke, contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many I tfs ago that was and I kind of feel like the I'm very, I'm conscious probably more than most people the how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF but I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that, in particular, the original concept was there be no countermeasures. We had to have the system kind of programming to dispatch at all on on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to, you know, really self contained groups that that really have no interaction with anything else. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users. The power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I happen to be attending the MOQ now. My work group has actually moved to Monday morning. Now, I'm in the middle of a conference call and I'm like, Well, how do you get to go to this meeting? I'm like, I'm in the middle of a conference call. So I'm like, I'm in the middle of a conference call. I'm like, I'm in the middle of a conference call. I'm like, I'm in the middle of a conference call. warning, it contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. But I just want to leave the comment with the IHG. Let's try to preserve that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross-area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we, of course, have ended up with a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together, like SEC, WIT, and ART, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Okay, next up, Roberta, you're next. Hi. Hi. I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information, like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work specifically that would be the non-working groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the terms that has connection with it. For example, for agentic AI agents and AI teams, what are some of the things that you think would be helpful for the AI team to do? Okay, so first of all, I think maybe we could put in a little bit of clarification about yourself, where would be the place for you to put maybe information related to how agents work in that part of, you know, the foundational models, those kind of information that might make difference for the way that people do drafts. Is there a place that we can, you know, join information and do some, maybe a state of art of some of the firms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it in engineering on top of it? I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture, but if you're asking for what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF, I think the answer would be to produce an ID, an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically. And so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. Thank you. And on the same topic, if you allow me to add, even if you talk to one area director, he can easily refer you to others, right? And I've done it multiple times. DM is in art, he started in AIM for instance, right? So it's quite common. Thank you. We talk to each other. Thank you. Thank you. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? I'm pausing, waiting. James. James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, we, okay. You have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, ISG, thank you. And we'll move to the next of our open mics. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all is well. George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats. Great. Thanks. I think we are ready. Do you want to do a quick introduction please on stage starting with George? George Michelson, LLC. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We go to the board and follow Camarillo LLC board. Jay Daley. ITF executive. Then we have you Roman. Oh, Roman Minello. I'll see what. I'll see what. And may i am CUNY, LLC, board. See a list of, of people in the queue. See a list of, of people in the queue. So I will go first please. Cadaverage. Face in the wrong way. Doesn't matter. matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the in-person fee waiver. I'm having a, I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the process is as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences than, rather than us who are living in Asia because even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India, I need to travel to China, I need a visa and that process takes easily one to two months. And for that reason, last, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous IETF. I had explained that the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me in advance itself and I will make sure that you can make that decision. Unfortunately, I basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last minute travel because even last minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me are going to want to come to IETF. I've been bringing work consistently to IETF. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF, when they learned of a similar situation, actually did move their processes back by a month. So that's a big step forward for us. So thank you very much. Thank you. So I appreciate it. And I think we can add on to that, and I think it's an important point that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So let me take that question Miriam, because this isn't an LLC matter, this is the IETF chair matter. So yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. You're exactly right, the IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach for for the things giving out by the IETF chair is one month out. And that's largely historically been done to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long-term kind of sustainment and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF is run. So there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for why those fee waivers are handed out. But your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa, have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges. So it may take time for that paperwork to process. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And I will commit to anything kind of here. But my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches. One, to continue doing it as a relatively close to the meeting matter. Two, to help patch over unexpected circumstances. But to also potentially manage to do an early tranche of approvals. Because I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after typically a meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So stay tuned, Raoul. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Mark. Hi. Hi, Mark Nottingham. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. In the presentation, we said the secretariat contract is still being renegotiated. And I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Are there, can you communicate anything about why that is? Are there major sticking points? No. And we can't explain anything about it at all. So no to the first part, but not to the second. Yeah. Well, no to the first one and no to the second one. So there aren't any sticking points. Sorry? So there are no, everything is continuing. So I'm going to go to the second one. So I'm going to go to the second one. smoothly these things just take some time okay thanks jay um next up is andrew hi good morning hopefully uh good evening rather hope you can hear me um i just want to say i was in the uh ican meeting in mumbai last week uh which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue uh ican's agenda is probably similarly complex to the itfs uh yet from my perspective the meeting worked very well so i just wanted to urge um the uh to consider uh india um as a future venue um i think it'd be excellent for us to go there and i can has proven it's easily possible to do so thank you yeah thanks for that feedback andrew that's good to hear and pete hi um in the past couple of weeks actually once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session jay has made some comments which at least are interoperable as the ietf llc is the ietf um for some of us old crusty folks that's something that we're going to be talking about in the next few weeks and i'm going to be talking about the ietf llc and the ietf um for some of us old crusty folks that's something that we're going to be talking about in the next few weeks and i'm going to be talking about in the next few weeks um but i think it's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world that the sdo is completely independent of the llc as sort of part of the charter of the llc that there should be no way to influence the ietf because of something that's going on with the llc while the llc does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the ietf as far as i know the ietf still isn't in the world's a state that's been incorporated as an sdo and i'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk which is okay although i'd prefer we keep it sharper or if i'm missing something yeah thanks for bringing this up pete i i wasn't there i don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there's any confusion i i don't know jay if you want to um comment on that but um um i i don't think we would say the you know the llc has been incorporated into the llc as an sdo and i'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk which is okay LLC equals the IETF? No. Yeah, so to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the IETF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the IETF LLC is constructed to at times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the IETF, then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up, and it will not be on behalf of those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the IETF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The IETF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role, and at times in that role, it has to be there. It is not the IETF. The other one I gave you, for example, was the trading name that the IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF of things. So what I am suggesting is that what I am saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation, and to say that that nuanced view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. Now, the problem I have is if the IETF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason, I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the IETF. The IETF, the SDO is those 7000 individuals. Now. Now, I don't know how a court deals with that problem, but at least within the community, there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF, the SDO. And if for purposes of contracting and other things, a DBA does not bother me. If the IETF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing business as the IETF, whatever. That's a business relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO, I think, is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. And I think that's a very important aspect of the IETF. And I think that's a very important aspect of the IETF. And I think that's a very important aspect of the IETF. Well, thanks for pointing this out, Pete. Yeah, I don't know how to respond to this at this stage. I wasn't in there when the comments were made. But yeah, we'll discuss this and how to make sure to not come across as confusing, apparently. Thanks. Jean? Hi, thanks. Jean-François Keralt. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties. With the visas. In our particular case, we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows. And unfortunately, we just got their approval two days too late, corresponding to their flights. That's nobody's fault. I mean, it's just the way it goes. I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed, whether specific long... Holidays were considered in terms of how they would apply to visas. So what we discovered that we ourselves, that's our fault, we did not pay attention to, the Chinese New Year was right in the middle. And so for 10, 12 days, the embassy was closed in Delhi. And that just delayed the whole thing. What would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and decent time to get the visas done. Because of that closure, it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that... Was ever a part of the thinking process. And if not, would it be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations? Just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into... On the way. Yeah, thanks, John. I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist for the meeting, for the planning. But it's a good point. It's probably not always going to be possible to add this into the planning cycle. But it's definitely something... We can take into account. All right, thank you. Thanks. Who's next? Eric. Hi. So there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting about the suitability of this venue and whether people would be able to attend. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in, the majority of participants were remote. And also a huge fraction of leadership, including by my count, the majority of the IESG and the IAB are remote. Do you have any comments? Do you have any comments about what exactly? About the suitability of this venue in light of those facts. Well, I can point you to Roman's statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and on-site compared to other meetings. And I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to work really well, actually. You know, especially also for my... Yeah. Yeah. I would say for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization, including you, but I would notice. Yes, including myself. And I'm participating remotely. This is not the only ITF. I'm not participating in person. I mean, so I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean, there are a lot of people on site, especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems so appropriate. Yeah. That seems so worked out well. I don't know if there are any other comments from other board members. Since the ISG was kind of mentioned, kind of speaking from that. Yeah, there definitely is not the full complement of the ISG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel and participate in different things. And so we're kind of looking at the different venues as kind of contingent on said approval and a number of parties, at least on the ISG. I won't speak for the other leadership bodies. We're not kind of approved. And this is what that turnout kind of looks like. We're waiting from the ISG side, at least. We are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on, you know, what was the experience of kind of all the participants. In particular, we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey. So we are going to have some after, you know, as an after action, some perspective on what those experiences are. From the very kind of quick looks we had, participation may also be uneven, kind of across areas about how much remote and is on site. But it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see. I don't see any on the stage. Next up, Rahul again. Yeah. So building on my question as well as Jean-Francois' question, is there any long-term consideration by IETF on the venue based on visa requirements? Because just for example here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker visa requirements. Right? We would have to make sure that we have better passports. And I understand that the host would have some considerations. But in general in the long term and again Bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah. Matthew already hinted. I mean we're also dependent on the host to a certain extent. And. And. And. And, you know, finding venues and etc. And also I think what we've explained earlier in our similar discussions is that it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the pain, if you will, and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas to go to other countries. So in this case, you know, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate. And. And so. And so before part of visa enforcement, I would say, yeah, so in it. Yeah, like I said,'d like to say that I think it's important that there should be a universal level of jurisdiction. Part of this. after two weeks ago we're together so I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment but I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here it was my leanest experience to come in China passing the passport getting the the no visa and all of that was extremely good and frankly speaking it's delightful my first time in Shenzhen I see absolutely no issue I see the weather is fantastic the welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent we had an amazing social event we are doing our work normally it's a pity that some of you cannot be there I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons that's bad but again we should not let geopolitics carry on into this organization we should not right very simple we are going to have enough problems on that and we are going to see what happens in November I'm really curious but we should not allow that to continue that will be a dangerous path for the IETF to continue in this direction so that's one comment I will so thank you for organizing this it must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work and I'm very grateful to you for your time and I will see you in the next session. Thank you very much. Pir<|nn|> Thank you. Thanks Arnaud Jason Hi Jason living good this is an announcement which I cordially request to at the moment that Java6 rules presidents and larger organizations in the world. Hi, Jason Livingood. This is in response to Pete's question. Now, I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because I wasn't in any of those meetings when I heard things say. But I would encourage people to reread RFC 8711, pretty straightforward. And Section 4.3, the LLC is established to provide administrative support to the ITF, has no authority over the standards development activities of the ITF, and it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting, fundraising, like fundraisers and so on, compliance in its legal home. So it was the case way back before the IASA II activity that the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal home. It was a legal umbrella, you know, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established that there would be a separation between the standards development activities, which are independent and operated by like the IASG and, you know, so on and so forth. Then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear. But I'm not clear on whatever the questions were. Might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion. And happy to help because, unfortunately, I think I might have been involved in this. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I mean um remember CBC this or somebody else, they say that I have no mind so I've taken heard other comments. Yes, thanks Jason. Thanks for clarifying this. And yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LRC Board. Thanks for pointing that out, RFC. Any comments from any of us on stage? No, I see none. Next up is Vittorio. I'm Vittorio Bertola. I didn't plan to come over the mic. what echo said i think that having and also to some of the comments i've read in the chat i mean i think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing even if it means that regulars i mean many regulars are remote actually i think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the idf all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places it is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting to come at least once one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue and it is up to us not up as meaning the regulars i don't know if i'm a regular by now not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contributors and into this extent i mean to a certain extent it was i mean in in multiple sessions i saw drafts represented by newcomers being met with their usual unfortunately i mean it's it's a very very important thing and i think that's the key to this i think that's the key to this i think that's the key to this i think that's the key to this i think that's the key to this attitude by itf regulars so like i mean condescending or outright hostility or just to a way so i did this is i know the itf has been putting effort in these and changing this kind of attitude but it's still there and this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions so in the end yes it's also said honestly that there are so many members of the leadership here i'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here but the fact that we had the largest meeting of the itf and the itf and possibly meeting with so little that maybe the smallest anticipation of leadership ever is something we have to think about i think i'm sure that all of you made all the possible efforts to be here in person but still the result is not satisfactory maybe thanks thanks for your comments um victorio um rohan i um yeah i i uh i support the fact that we came to china and several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting several people will have similar meetings similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in san francisco and there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks it's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go we need to just suck it up we need to just suck it up we need to just suck it up we need to just suck it up okay just let let the process run um we need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here and not beat up everyone unless you have a unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go uh that is going to meet all of the requirements and is going to allow this this regular change of a venue so that things are diff are convenient for different people in different continents we just need to we need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other thank you thank you thanks for that comment um roberta hey folks um i have i don't know if this is the right place to ask this but i have a concern going to united states because even though if you have applied for a visa you're in conою nateria qualifications i have to go to state como ministers, if you're in город con chaos, i can go to state con bereit, fixed electricity, free travel, kissns, banks, and remedi Nas<|ar|> applied for a visa and you have a visa in the United States, you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have some kind of support for people that are going over there, that are afraid, because it's for any reason why. I used to be an ethical hacker, so I got some personal interest at least going on. So I wanted to ask, do the organization have support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the United States? And what are you planning as the country is on war right now? So how is going to be the support for attendees? Yeah, thanks for bringing this up. I know people are concerned. We discussed this before. And similar to this meeting, I believe it's for everybody, individual to decide what the risks are and if you can make it or not. I'm not aware, Jay. I don't know if you want to comment on that, if you can provide any legal support for individuals. I don't think we've done that in the past at least. Roberto, no, unfortunately, that's not something we can do. It's too expensive. The liability is unlimited. It really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves. My biggest concern is that during the visa process, might be everything OK. And then we arrive over there, and I have some instances of friends that have been detained. And sometimes it's not just to go back home, it's to answer over there. It's more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If we risk it, the organization might at least know that we are there. But thank you. We are effectively a business conference in terms of visas. And if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming to the US for that purpose, not going to work or anything like that, then there are very, in fact, I'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country, not people coming to this sort of thing. Thank you for the comment. But actually, I have some instances because of DEFCON and everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry, but thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for the question. Just to follow up. I think I'm next. Yes. Just a quick follow-on from what Anand said. I found this to be a great venue. Everything's worked really nicely. People have been great. Yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa, but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries. So, you know, we have a lot of people, participants from China. This, I think, is the right thing to do and good on us. Thanks, Warren. Martin? MARTIN BENNINGTON Hey. So I'm not sure that the LLC Board has really listened to the community when it comes to either China or the US. And I would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with as one of the factors in making a decision. And I think that those people who have suggested otherwise are denying reality to some extent. So I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard and think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. If people are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people that turn up. If those people are turned up in person this time, if those people continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point. But yeah, I don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that. Nope. Ben? Hi, there. Is my media working now? Yes. That's an excellent prelude to what I'm about to say. So I wanted to push back on Arnaud's point that this is about geopolitics. I actually come to the opposite conclusion of Martin about politics being important. I think that the IESG and the LLC were correct in their, you know, discussion about how the IESG and the LLC were in the same place. And I think that the IESG and the LLC were in the same place. And I think that the IESG and the LLC were in the same place. And I think that the IESG and the LLC were in the same place. And I think that the IESG and the LLC were in the same place. And I think that the IESG and the LLC were in the same place. And it's good to see that. And I think that's one of the reasons that I think that when you're in a discussion with community about this leading up to the selection that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right load start to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time, as geopolitics intrudes on our work more and more, I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the regulatory impositions we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique in if you look at a global context so I would encourage the IESG and the LLC to take a careful and close look in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced and to take that into account as you look at future venue selections whether the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective with the venues we select yeah thanks for the suggestion Richard we'll definitely I'm doing that like without any other venue that we're going to things so Miriam if I might on that particular kind of topic uh Richard you highlight uh you highlight kind of a good point which is that uh about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges and is there after any meeting a learning a learning learning experience on you know is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future so I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to gen dispatch uh tomorrow we have a draft being presented on the topic of network requirements and if we if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network kind of for the meeting this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like so please come to that that discussion the LLC I think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus uh the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria and and thanks for the plug for for my draft for a minute um I wanted to flag that a bit more broadly though for for the uh IESG and LLC right the the question was posed to the LLC and to the IESG will this meeting be effective right there was a proactive uh prediction that you guys were asked to make I think as you're having board meetings IESG retreats things like that I think it would be useful for you these are bodies in you know internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turned out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future yeah thanks um for that addition um Tony hi Tony Lee I'm an American uh the way the unit is United States government is operating right now um the ITF cannot protect anyone uh the government is running around uh basically bands of bugs and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable um we've seen them detain citizens we've seen them detain people who were illegally there uh there's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the US thanks Tony yeah I don't cannot comment on this um this stage thanks for this um piece of information anyone else wants to comment nope um then I see one more Benjamin hi so as a new participant in meetings with the IETF the one thing that I have learned is at least from many of you is that work at the IETF happens on the mailing list so to me looking at the number of new participants within this group these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise I'm happy with this venue choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks, Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. You're a little over time. So I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great evening there. If you're there in person. Miriam, before we sign off, Jay, do you want to repeat the social focused activity kind of tonight with a light show that you sent out to the community? This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CN Nika Huawei. So this will be starting at 8 p.m. for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city. Center as a welcome to the IETF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the Civic Center, where there will be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock. It's about 10, 15 minutes walk. You should see you all there. Jay. Is there another question? I guess not. Microphone. The microphone is off. So by the way, enjoy providing a lots of like social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take anyone. I know. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. All right. All so. I. I. I. Thank you.