Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. So we have several different highlights with that. We will now open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF trust. And after that is going to be the IETF administration LLC report. And we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. we're meeting the order is going to be the IAB the IASG and then the IETF LLC. Next slide please. So before we get started I wanted to you know give a whole a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site like the Secretariat, the Meet ECHO team, the NOC team and all the LSA staff but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that pushed the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments you know as quickly kind of as possible so we arrive at the meeting we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution please join me in welcoming them. Well thank you for that. So next I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Kai the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for so for a welcome and a greeting for us here. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . to adhere to open and collaborative technology, support Internet technology communities, deepen international exchanges, actively participate in the creation of international technology standards, network infrastructure, and Internet communication, promote the construction of a peaceful, safe, open, and collaborative network space, and contribute to the maintenance of the global Internet, which can continue to expand and innovate. At present, new technologies in the field of Internet are growing rapidly, and technologies such as artificial intelligence and other technologies are deeply integrated with Internet. These technologies bring opportunities for development and new challenges. We look forward to the opportunity to enter this conference and discuss the innovative ideas and technologies of Internet advanced technology together. We also look forward to the opportunity to promote the creation of more inclusive cooperation strategies for all parties in this conference. We also look forward to the opportunity to promote the development of high-quality Internet industries, so that we can work together to open up innovation, strengthen the trend, and build a common network space and destiny community, so that digital civilization can better take care of the global people. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and pleasant work and life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of CNNIC. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you for your hard work and service. Mr. Xian, I think it's time to go now. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Xian. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here or additional facts and kind of figures and summaries since we last met, please do click on that link that says full report and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen and I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting. We've had anywhere based on the registration count. So phenomenal to see the community to come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we've had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look around, you're sitting to your left are two people and one other person to your right. One of those people is new to the IETF. Unless you are. So one quarter of almost one quarter of participants here at the IETF have never been to a meeting before and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the IETF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the internet. Please join a mailing list. Please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face to face time concludes. And we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna. Or perhaps in San Francisco. Bye. The future venues we have for our meetings. Next slide please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here and also equally unsurprising, we have a very very robust participation from China, given that we are here. Next slide please. Since we last got together, the IESG has issued no statements. The majority of what we focused on in our announcements was related to an appointment to the IETF Trust and to the IPMC. So first we wanna publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner, who has been selected, and we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP 245 moderators, and I'm gonna just talk about that a little bit later. Next slide, please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical, from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in gen affects each and every one of you in the room because the processes defined in gen impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and CodePoints are specified here in IETF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS Working Group. If you aspire to tailor, to change, or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the PROCON Working Group, the Process Document and Consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W Working Group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I'd talk more about, the Mod Pod Working Group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF. This was recently approved. To realize that and to implement that process, that first step is the IESG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be write those procedures and then of course execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community if, we have a call to the community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the IESG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well, and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the architecture. So, it probably fits to the framework that we're already discussing. It לokes to focus in an area that we've certainly seen the building of build-in packages, which have been trying to address the well known見 per se functional challenges and the technical difficulties of the infrastructure that this is It appears to have lost Roman, if he can please stand by for one minute. It appears we've lost Roman, if he could please stand by for one minute. Okay, so RTC is being left to work on financing more then in fact does having strong All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel. And this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make the difference. And I think that's a really important thing to do. And I think that's a really important thing to do. And I think that's a really important thing to do. And I think that's a really important thing to do. And I think that is that we're going to make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then, I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those who you are not aware Stephanie currently supports us as the Director of Meeting Operations and Sponsorship. But she will be, unfortunately, existing So Stephanie McCammon is currently that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those. And that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world in an interoperable kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie. And honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you. Thank you so much. And, you know, best of luck with your, with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the community. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, next slide, please. I now turn it over to Dhruv Dhodi who, congratulations, is the new chair of the IAB. Hello, everyone. I'm Dhruv Dhodi. I'm the incoming IAB Chair. Hello everyone. I'm Dhruv Dhodi. I'm the incoming IAB Chair. Yes, so we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings, but this we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out, and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well, so check it out, those videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data tracker. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Thank you. Warren was also at the APICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen, as well as Robin was at VISA's PLUS20 high-level UN meeting, where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals. Since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk who will talk about IRTF. Thank you, Dhruv. Hello. I'm Dirk Kutsche. I'm the IRTF chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So, as IRTF chair, I see it as my job to in new communities especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training and so on. And so at this meeting I have received really great support. I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young talent program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different universities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here not only this meeting but also previously. And there is a program in Brazil that brought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And there Brazilians maybe please stand up so we can see you all. Welcome to the IETF. So they come all this way to engage with us to meet the experts, to meet the leadership and I really hope this will be worthwhile. Okay so in the IRTF we have 16 research groups at the moment. And 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by Crypto Forum, RASP RG and Network Management RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. Then we have the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. That's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee, support high quality research and to support the development of the research. So we have a lot of work going on. So we have a lot of work going on. So we have a lot of work going on. So we have a lot of work going on. So we have a lot of work going on. So we have a lot of work going on. So we have a lot of work going on. And also get new ideas, new people in. And ANW, the workshop is kindly supported by ACM SICOM and Akamai. And we do this yearly at our summer IETF meeting. So next one will be in Vienna, IETF 26. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers. And we will be back with the next question. So I'm very happy to be here. So friends, is it okay if I pass it back to you? Sure. The Applied Networking Research Prize recognizes the best results in applied networking from like last year. So what we do is we nominate like top contributions in the field of applied networking. And then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones. And this is supported by Isoc, comcast and nbc universal and quite often we get you know really really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite quite current at the moment in the itf and so just today in itf open we had two amap winners so we had tiany gao and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks and shanghai huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high quality real-time communication on congratulations um so this week we actually had two irt of open meetings so one just uh before and on tuesday we had one that was um dedicated um on discussing um internet working research challenges for i so we know there are many discussions on the broader topic so we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the irtf in this field so beyond data centers beyond the immediate engineering challenges and there's a lot of working on in academia and you know conference and so on we want to figure out okay how can we make this useful for our larger community so we invited two really great presentations on different aspects and had good good discussion and on potential topics so what we identified so far was you know test beds and data sets for reproducible experiments um like a bit broader distributed system and protocol design um for this with learning and inference platforms there are new architectures coming out and you know new abstractions for like collective communications and so on um but also um more principled approaches uh towards agent communication um you know also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the buff this morning um but so the idea here is to look a bit more into um the foundations of you know naming identity trust delegation and also group communication and yeah finally we also uh have a travel grant program so that's intended to bring early career researchers and phd students to our community from under represented groups this is kindly supported by akamai comcast google and netflix and yeah so this time we had a robust participation from from asia really good gender balance and so we are already preparing the next program for vienna and so the deadline for applications is end of next week if you're interested or if you know somebody who might be please let them know thank you very much thank you so thank you so this is my last report as the itf nomcom chair for this cycle these were the people of the nomcom 25 26 cycle the voting members some of them are here so please thank them if you see them in the hallway i've seen i've seen one of my uh non-commemorable members in the tokyo remote hub so people in tokyo thank him also um and here are the the non-voting members the liaisons and my advisor diane good but that's not it's not about us it's about selection for this year so we're very happy with the current selection so we had one can one uh selection for the llc board one for the trust igf trust and ipmc and then we had uh six uh selection candidates selected candidates uh for the ib a two-term period and for this year the igf chair and for the six areas candidates and assigned for the for a period of two years so i'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term willing to serve the itf thank you very much good one thing i want to mention is diversity of course that's something that's important to us to our community and also to the nomcom uh we got a day training this year like last year about unconscious bias etc so that's important um i think that's something that the non-comp was very aware of also during the year we had an opportunity to do a training on this issue as well with the non-comm and the non-voting members of the non-comm and we got a lot of during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations um some highlights here are well not highlight per se there's no gender diversity improvement this cycle so we're aware of that we're conscious of that but of course we try to improve every year but this is a this is an observation here we improved on regional diversity that's a good thing so different voices different perspectives are good for our community and so there's a constant improvement here and we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything um i call it here the leadership pipeline young people new leadership next generation leadership and we also hear that from the community in every review all the reviews we receive thank you the itf community for your reviews for your feedback on the on the nominees it's important and stressed think about the new generation about the future of the community and the future of the community and the future of the community the next generation leadership so with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position the nomcom members always ask about thinking about your succession and luckily most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for or nominees actually for the next nomcom cycle and of course it's up to the nomcom in one two three four years to select the nominees and the nominees are already in the leadership position and so it's up to the new generation leadership position and so it's up to the new generation leadership position but it's good that we have nominees to select from so thanks um yeah as i already said we are aware of it we are doing our best and we are in a good place but we can always do better so it's a constant process another thing is well lessons learned the first first bullet point is the same as last year and as a lot the year before um it's a good document our rfc 8713 but they're in practical situations it doesn't say anything about well new situations or things we haven't thought of so well there's one thing mentioned the chair can with the nom come always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process and well and accepted or not expected situation so it works as in the same bullet point here the non-comp process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition and that works also but and that's now now a new point I want to work on at least some basic documentation how the things work some steps basic steps at least how to proceed through the non-com as a chair and that could also help with the help of well kind of delegating tasks to the secretary because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary so it's good to have some documentation and mostly the practical stuff that's yeah and also for myself at least during the deliberations I spent a little bit too much time on the voting it's just to be a simple process but I was counting you know the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the yes and no is so simple but yes maybe no that becomes more difficult and then you have all kind of rankings so I think for the next year it's good to have this a little bit automated so it can focus on the process and all the discussions and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes uh so finally um yeah some words of thanks I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the chair of the board of trustees and I wish you all the best and I hope that you um to be the nomcom chair for this cycle it was very learn well I learned a lot and it was super interesting and it was very rewarding um also the idf community was very supportive in the beginning I made some mistakes and as you are you directly sent me an email that I made a mistake but it was always supported people help me out so thank you um also the non-convoting members were very very dedicated so it was a great team I mentioned that already during the the november itf meeting and again the chairs advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice it's almost i get an award for the oscar academy awards with all the thank yous good um before i leave the stage i want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the nomcom it's a lot of work yes it is but it's also you learn every lot of things about the itf process about the people in the itf and and its processes thank you thank you that is a little bit taller than i am and i was on the omcom and i will echo please do the non-com it's a really great experience you learn so much and you meet some great people anyways i'm glenn dean and i'm the outgoing chair of the ipmc corporation and the itf trust this is our report uh to itf 125. so uh nomcoms do what they do and the isg does what it does and they they both appoint people to the itf trust and the ipmc board in this cycle we say goodbye to kristen burden who has served us as an iesg appointee kristen was really helpful she's a lawyer by training very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing uh doing the itf ipmc uh creation and setup so thank you very much for kristen for your service to the itf trust and the ipmc then there's this guy he's been around for quite a while and one trivia bit about the itf trust and the ipmc roles is they are not term limited many of our roles at the itf are term limited we like people's service and we want to make sure that they are not term limited many of our roles at the itf are term limited we like people's service and we want to stick around the itf trust to build up our institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization that doesn't mean you stick around forever and this guy is leaving uh after sticking around for a little while so i i i've had a lot of fun i've learned a lot of stuff i will say if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the itf this is a great role to apply for in the future uh when i started it uh back in the day i was terrified i just was terrified i just was walking in the shadow of giants and i learned so much by being part of it i really highly recommend that you consider it uh this coming year when the nomcom is appointing another person so uh thank you for letting me be that role i've really enjoyed it so we have a new set of directors for the itf ipmc a couple of them are carrying over but we've got two new ones lars egret is coming in as is sean turner and we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers so i'd like to announce that wendy seltzer has taken on the role of ipmc president sean turner who i think is in in the tokyo uh remote is taking on the role of ipmc treasurer which wendy is vacated and lars will be taking on the ipmc secretary likewise uh the the idea of trust is in the final throws but we still needed some people around to close up shop and so the decision was made that the person uh that will be the trust chair uh for the very final role of the trust will be wendy so uh thank you wendy for taking on both roles and i'm going to hand it over to you now to talk about the in and the out stuff all right so that's the in and the out stuff let's talk about uh what we've been doing so uh we like to give a report and usually these numbers are zero because you know trust is set up to be very boring and when everything's perfect it is very boring but since we last met in montreal we've had two licensing requests uh that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get and we have issued one new license it was to the ieee of rfc 98 81. so there we we got one uh the other good news though is we have had zero legal actions which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there it means that we never we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody which is really good if you deal in intellectual property assets so here's the other uh big update we've been working on this restructuring from a virginia trust into a delaware corporation and those of you been around the itf for a little while i've been giving a lot of reports on this so we've had some progress the bylaws were updated uh between when we met in montreal and now we had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the ccg this is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the iana assets back in 2016 and we updated the ipmc bylaws to recognize the ccg bylaws and the bylaws that we have been taking into account for the last couple of years and we've been working on that for a while now so we've been working on that for a while now so we've been working on that for a while now so we've been for a while now so we've been working on that for a while now so we've been working on that for a while now so we've been longest time monitoring the ccg's role working on that for a while now so we've been all of you gave us comments we took them into account and then in december we actually Lorenzo last month anderen boa big and then i really want to thank you all so much for all your therapist we've been working for a couple years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the IETF intellectual property assets from the IETF Trust into the IPMC Corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP, except for patents, the IPMC does not do patents, for the IETF. And that is a major milestone. So hold your applause for that one because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major, major moment. It's something we've been working to for years and I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function, is still in process because we need some signatures. There's agreements that establish the role of the IETF Trust with relation to the IANA and there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer the IETF to the IETF. So I'm going to go ahead and start the presentation. So I've done my signature before I no longer was the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on the behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who were waiting for signatures on, sign the document so we can get that thing done. And some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation because if you look at the IETF documentation, it's got the word ITF Trust on it. So if you have a draft out there, you can go to the IETF website, you can see it's got the word ITF Trust all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF, ITMC as the successor to that, so that draft's out there and it's active. I saw that URL for the IPRWG email list. And finally, the Trust Legal Provisions, which are now becoming the Technic Legal Provision, so we can keep that same acronym, are being updated to essentially update the text in there. And that's all there is to it. So we have some really good things coming up as well. So we'll go ahead and wrap up the presentation. to say that the ITMC is now the party holding the assets to the ITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. We're same terms, if your lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though, since that draft or that document was first written, version five, the editorial stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there'll be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And they'll be published for comment for a 30 day period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. We've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristen, but I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF trust. It served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank, and it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over and it does its final tax filings, it's done. So I really did wanna have a hand for the ITF trust because it has made this, it's done a lot of work. And I think it's gonna be a great opportunity to see what is the ITF functional. And it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as ITF trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do. So no drama, no excitement. But anyways, for the ITF trust and for all the people volunteer, can I please have a round of applause? And that is how to contact the ITMC and get more stuff. George. Don't leave the stage. So Glen, thank you for your many years. And allow me to present you with this plaque. You can't have it. You've got to get back in. işическиенения I APPLAUD CERTAINLY There are probably a lot of people around the studio. I Giving this one jewel. Admonishment of guide of Principal Instructor Wait for that terrific little Lorchin. Next. Sup far battom. Lorchin being a Welcome my name is George Alia. I'm the active executive director. Nice to see so many people in the room. So this is the administrative reports for the ITF. I'm here in a big tower just to stand out a little bit ofgrade. host, Sien Nick, and our co-host, Xinhua University, the Internet Society of China, CCSA, and the Computer Network Information Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Thank you very much. I also want to thank very much Huawei, our special contributor and social event sponsor, those of you who came last night to the social event. I'm sure we'll remember that. That is the best social event we have had. That was spectacular. Thank you. And then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor, ZTE, to our local sponsor, APNIC, and our local supporters, Cormel. Thank you. I also want to thank our IETF 125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion. Thank you very much to Akamai and Huawei. And thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for IETF 125. We have Comcast and ICANN for diversity and inclusion. We have ZTE for sustainability. I can and Sien Nick for running code and D.E. Nick and Nominet for the open internet. Thank you all very much. And then finally, thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsors, without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the IETF than we do currently. Thank you very much to all of you. I should particularly like to note China Mobile and China Unicom who have helped very much with this conference. We have staff on site helping us out with our Wi-Fi, which is really going above and beyond. Thank you very much for that. Every meeting, it seems, our logos get more and more desirable. So once again, I'm happy to tell you, you can get our... our swag from the online store. And we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting, particularly for those people who go running, such as our current ITF chair. So I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out. We... in building the IETF tools and in running the IETF NOC, we rely on multiple people who give their time freely to help that work. So thank you very much to all of those people. And Rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this. So I'm going to hand it over to the Director-General Eloise Carpenter and už Sort-Of. But I think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here, so we have the Secretariat, 1944 00, Weetürko, and the NOC. Thank you all very much for your work. Here at IETF 125, we only have a subset of the IETF staff, so I'm on site clearly. I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers. They are staffing the tools help desk, so please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them. We also have the RPC staff at IETF 125. Alana, Alice and Sandy are here. They are also staffing a desk, so if you have any questions about RPCs, sorry, RFCs or the editing process, please go and speak to them. And we have the full secretariat on site as well. So this is a simple diagram of the current structure there. So look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support, see them. If you need to speak about anything particular, then please speak to them as well. So finally, on the thanks, thank you to our global hosts. Our global hosts are the ones. The make the multi year commitment to the IETF and enable us to have the long term stability for our funding that we really need. Thank you very much. So IETF 126 Vienna registrations are open. This will be in July. We are expecting to come. We are just about to sign with the host for the meeting. So that's good news for us. And I hope very much to see as many as possible of you there. So looking forward to our meetings. We have Vienna coming up and then after that we have IETF 127 in San Francisco. And since our last meeting, you will have seen that we have announced VeriSign as the host of that meeting. IETF 128 in Asia. We are still in the process of signing. We are still in the negotiations with. It generally takes us quite some time to negotiate Asian venues. They are more complicated. We often have to use convention centers and us being a US company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship. So that's going ahead. We certainly aim to announce that by Vienna if possible. IETF 129 Europe. That was due to be signed. And then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day. So we are just trying to work through that. And then we'll be able to announce that hopefully quite shortly. IETF 130 has now been announced. That's the Hyatt Regency Vancouver that we've been back to a number of times. And we are, of course, looking for a meeting host for that. IETF 131 in Asia. We have held some site visits to that. We have had site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues. And we are hoping to, and we're in the negotiations now about that. So that's moving forward. IETF 132 Europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out. And IETF 133 is not on here in North America. But we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in South America for that. So that's where we currently are with our meetings booking. We're a little bit behind. But we have so many of them quite close that we'll catch up quickly. And then we'll be a bit ahead, I think, by the end of this year on meeting bookings. So that's it for me. Thank you very much. Handing over to Miriam. Thanks, Jay. I hope you can hear me. And see me. My name is Miriam Kuehne. I'm the board of the LLC. I'm the chair of the LLC board. That's more correct. And I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term studying at this meeting. I think Cindy is going to control my slides. So please go on to the next slide. Yes, this is the full board. You can see here Gonzalo and George are there with you in person. Roman is online. I'm online here. And Shona cannot join us for this meeting. But you're all watching. So next slide, please. Yeah, this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the end of year balance. And I'm not going to go through all the numbers. You can do that in your own time. I mean, for transparency reasons, obviously, we put them here on the slide so they'll be published. You see some notes there. So if you go to the next slide, you'll see some explanations, more information about the financial statements. And then you'll see the balance. So this is the financial statements that we publish every month. And then also at the end of the year. Overall, one thing to note here is that there are some higher numbers as budgeted. So the positive variances there are mostly comprised of an additional endowment contributions, which always welcome ISOC matching funds. Also the annual contributions from ISOC and some unrealized gains from investments that we have there. So that's good news. So next slide, please. Just some items that the board is currently working on. We are still working on the secretariat contract we tendering that's ongoing. We've published the 2026 budget after consultation of the community consultations. So that's out on the website. As you've seen, we've piloted the remote. We've piloted the remote. We've piloted this new feature with remote rooms for ITF meetings. And I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions. It seems to work really well. And so, well, thanks mostly to LLC staff. And there, Greg Wood, I think, took the lead for making this possible. And we're going to evaluate the experiences with this after the meeting and see how we can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual retreat in April, the board retreat. We're preparing for that to look at future planning, strategy, risk register, and other plans that we're doing on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here, but it's certainly also on our mind, is a meeting network and the meeting locations. And really, I want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists, specifically also on meeting networks. And we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed tomorrow, I believe, in GEN Dispatch. And then we'll see where that goes after that. And so, yeah, please watch that space and contribute to that work. Next slide, please. You can also contribute to our work by participating in our board meetings. We have a monthly board meeting. Here are the dates. They are also on the website. And Michelle, our secretary, she always sends out announcements for the board meetings. So they're open to observers, at least like, you know, partially part of the meetings. We also have some closed sessions with staff and Jay. But, yes, please join us for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to our work. Next slide, please. I think that's about it. Yes, you can find a lot more information on the website. It's from Financial States. It's from Financial Statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements. And also here are a number of mailing address, mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. Admin Discuss is our generic kind of administrative mailing list where most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Let's distribute a few this way as well. Well, let's start with thanking the outgoing IAB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen, as we know him, has fluffy. And I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair now that he's not on the IAB anymore, maybe. But seriously, you have been it's so good to talk to you. When we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to the heart of the matter. And with that much clarity of thought. It has been amazing having discussions with you. Maria, you have served a decade on the leadership at the IAB and ISG. Every term with so much dedication, so much hard work. It has been amazing. The things that you have done as the IAB chair have such a lasting impact. You have opened the IAB with IAB open. The way we do liaisons, the way we even our website revamped. So everything that we think of as IAB. Thank you. And I think the work of IAB as current has been done under your leadership and it has been amazing. Tommy, on the big screen, always calm, collected, always clear in thought. As an IAB chair, we went through a transition. We had a bigger geographic and time zone dispersion. We had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well. And there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an IAB, we went through a new activities. With respect to more active participation at Internet governance and you helped us. You made sure that each of us at the IAB felt supported in all the activities that we do. So thank you. And finally, Chin. Chin has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management, operations and Yang. And this is, and Chin showed us the diverse participation matters. Having a viewpoint from looking at the data. Having a viewpoint from looking from different areas, from different geography. Bringing a different viewpoint to this IAB is fundamental. And Chin, you have shown that in your last two terms. So with that, I would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four outgoing members. For the two outgoing members who are here, we can use a photo opportunity. Maria, can I invite you, please? And Chin, you can put your hand down, so that we can see you. Yes, thank you. And now, let's go to the speaker. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We have a few more speakers. Thank you. We won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Cullen, but I think maybe somebody can make an AI-generated one. And with that, let's do introductions, and then we'll do open mic. For introduction, let's start with Jason. Jason Livinggood, IAB. Mark Nottingham, IAB. Mia Kühlewind, outgoing IAB. Suresh Krishnan, IAB. Warren Kamari, in a surprising turn of events, IAB. Yaroslav Rosamako, incoming IAB. Dhruv Dhody, incoming IAB chair. Alvaro Ruttana, IAB. Yingzhen Xu, incoming IAB. Deku Cha, IRTF chair. Qinwu Argoin, IAB. Can we have remote folks, Ali? Ali? Ali? Is Ali on the screen? You can't see from here. Oh, yes. Sorry, sorry. You can hear me now? Yes. Hello, this is Ali. Ali Began, incoming IAB. Thank you. Cullen? Fluffy, outgoing. Glad that the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Do we have Jenna or I don't see Jenna, maybe. Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew? Matthew, how are you? Matthew, voi, reports. Matthew? Matthew, hi, Martin. Matthew, how are you? Matthew, how are you? Matthew, how are you? Matthew, how are you, B akira? Matthew, batse, IAB. Matthew, What? Matthew? Matthew, what is he doing? IAB? Matthew is an IAB. Matthew, IAB? Guan? can't hear you Roman okay move on open mic questions for IV and somebody will help me with the queue oh here we are not right so congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are that are leaving and so I have a couple of points the first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by AAB especially on the liaison I think Miria and Suresh are working on that one I think this is really good I have a few things that have emerged the first one is speaking about liaison I observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework liaisons are good but they are just one part of the equation we we have seen in some areas like DM between ITF and SG 17 we started to have leadership that started to speak to each other and I must say thank you to Jim Reed I don't know where Jim is but he was the one who who pushed us here to do that and that was good we we however it's only this week I realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other and not that people don't want in fact but people don't know um not only don't know but even I don't know and I don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process tools Etc so that's probably something we should explore um the second thing is that um I I was approached with a lot of questions after my side meeting uh I would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are doing to the IAB so that we can really intimately understand together how we work and what could be tangible actions we could do together then the next point is about opportunities there is going to be on the ITU side a plenipotentiary that's supposed to be in Doha so we'll see what happens but that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions and I want to come back on the workshop on China and protection that the IAB promoted now there is the window is slightly opened to make a change in this resolution if you have some desires based on what you are doing now now is the moment it never happened in years and we managed to unlock the doors at member state level so now they know that they're going to modify it so if you want to size this opportunity do it the last point is about AI okay so here the frustration are the friction of three IETF meetings that each of them after meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream so I can understand Madrid okay Montreal now again in fact this week we did the first official meeting with the both catalysts on taste key i so the problem is timing and so if you move next you are going to move in a loop and you take today carry on you have to jeet kune teh team is anifying so we just veer and let the го to htc meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream i can Comic definitions ways in Montreal now again in fact this week we did the first official meeting with the curtains okay more carved right leg Ob exhale the people on agent cki so the problem is timing and so if you move relative 추�p습니까 to cal 빨 that you do that all of analysis is the time zaczyçe vous voyez les đ donate caranta he is scale and so will stop the Paella duty the if you move your brain until what's going to happen next and you consider a number of risks including for san francisco in november that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there i am doing on my side three meetings one plenary and one content week from now until next july so it's an offer i can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings size it because this will give you input to prepare the july meeting in vienna we must have something in concrete in vienna because if san francisco is risky that's the only moment we can do something so we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in vienna and i will bring all the inputs you need uh let's make it happen so i know it shows a lot of things you don't need to answer now but these are things we can do offline yeah thank you uh let me uh tackle just a few points very quickly we will not go in depth for all of them with respect to liaisons i completely agree the first thing that we have to do is relationship i think that's when we do best when we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that so any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people are participating in both organizations and when we have that so any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can up to discuss we can of course maybe get some better tooling whichever way you have that we find people reach out to us we want to do this better uh with ai the last question i think i'll leave that to isg from the iab side I think we are watching we are we help during the bof preparation with catalyst with other things so we are watching but that question specifically with side meeting and everything it's for the isg so hold on to that uh remind me any other what were the two other questions for itu pp so thanks for bringing bringing it up we have uh plans to participate we are discussing uh this is still a lot of inputs coming in let's continue the conversation does any other ib member wants to add yeah please go ahead yeah i actually um appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this way forward and like you are helping us to have this conversation and i think that's a really good point and i think that's a really good point to have this exchange with the relevant groups in itu i think actually that works very well and it's to set like if you need to improve we can do that but I'm actually very positive that that I'm seeing that so thank you for that uh there is one regret I have uh just that can say that Tommy and I discussed an idea of a workshop on a jaunty ki that would have helped remove a lot of hits and get the debates on we didn't do it I don't know why it happened but uh that's something that I maybe could have done so now it's too late but we have another way we can do it and achieve it for for the life um for the liaison piece in fact there is something that is simply a lack of practice in terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer a liaison statement because for us sometimes tell us don't do it that would help us enormously because until we receive something from the community here saying I see you don't do that I cannot show that to member states so there are few simple things that if the leadership works together we can pass you the message and help you organize that and it's easy it will not take too much time and everybody will be happy I I think we have made a bunch of improvements on that we have been sending acknowledgments at least and as well as nudging various groups where action is needed but as we have discussed this multiple times it's just a very different fundamental way the two organizations work we have to find a middle ground let's continue to talk that's what I can offer any other uh we have one more person but I can see the name uh Andrew in Shenzhen um I just wanted to thank you Andrew I didn't catch everything but it seemed a little like you were happy so that's good anyone else otherwise going once going twice and ISG so I'd welcome the incoming and outgoing ISG to the stage uh i uh so foreign fire All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up to? Waking up the U.S. West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach, practical approach, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF, where we merged the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque. Thank you. And we'll send one in the mail to you. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the art AD, but you were also the shadow sec and wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of the IETF and the open source community. So thank you for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but Paul first up, I want to say thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. I really appreciate it. And thank you for being a part of the conversation. And thank you for your support. I appreciate it. And I appreciate you for your support. Thank you. Thank you. So first of all, I want to thank you for your support. It takes two to run a sec area. So being a sec area AD with you was great because you pushed you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area. How we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention, like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures. And I think that it's very important to remember that when we're in a situation like this, we're not just looking has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you out there. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition, if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see, kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to get us started. Okay. Hi, everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming Art AD. Andy Newton, Art AD. Ort Steele, outgoing Art AD. Roman Danilio, Gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming Int AD. Eric, your turn. I'm going Int AD. Sorry. So Eric, the other ongoing Int AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be Int AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of Ops AD. Jim Gishard, Routing AD. Ketan Talawlikar, Routing AD. Thank you. Hinder Vandervelde, in and outgoing. Outgoing and incoming Routing AD. . Doug Cooley, Sec AD. Chris Anasio, Sec AD. Paul Waters, outgoing Sec AD. Druk Dhody, incoming IAB Chair. Mike Bishop, with AD. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video so Tommy Polly is the outgoing IAB Chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. . you know we're going to be down to only one one tommy and one eric okay so the mic line is open questions for the isg pete i see you're in the queue no one wants to be first i'll be first um hopefully a straightforward one although it might involve the iab as well both dispatch on monday and catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting news and then the iab is going to be a little bit more of a template for folks who are presenting ideas might be a good thing um a lot of the comments both in the room and especially on the zulip chat were very much who is going to be implementing this are they here what problem of interoperability are you solving these should be pretty obvious questions for buff proponents and or dispatchers to answer but i don't know that we necessarily have enough push on the bof side iab tends to do pretty well of getting them in line um as the uh helpers but especially in dispatch that doesn't happen as much and if they can't answer those questions it's probably not time to present so i was wondering if you all would be on board with in your assorted dispatch groups and bofs taking on something like that and i really don't know if you have any questions or questions that you would like to ask i'll mean anything i would do anything for the support of carter if you are doing this all right ms will you apologize i don't know you you haven't said anything particularly um in the queue or response set was going on resources for capacity while Countyidades is focusing on ethical reporting on ages morecause the on this�도 the syndication effort which i would just say it's important to point that to people in a more discourteous environment or people who have ideas about things uh that that All right. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that, but I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress, and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up. Realizing that the dispatches... I think that's a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility, and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the Edge-On-TTI situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created, and in fact, it's good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. We are not... So that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do, okay, but I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So... Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles, Arnaud, like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. Yeah. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in tightly bound charters and what is the approach to on ramp it in there. The boff that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of, I'm sure, many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash offsite about how to convert the energy. Not just in AI inside meetings into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim boffs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca, previous R&AD helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings, would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow R&ADs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, Rory. So I cannot do that for you. I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So you had the first question. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. So Rory. This has to be Doris at your line and I'm waiting for things to change. We need to see. And, for example, R grind complex again. If you're looking at theprinting of the camera for example and you have to do some welding skills, could you sick me on this quickly for a correction? Come on. All right. This looks deep. I just found out you need a cyclic polling skin. Here. You need some decoding localization because you are using these termえる phams and I get some really interesting suggestions about modeling. So it suits us just fine. It's like, there's a kind of note I want to get. So should be the same? Yes, we need a couple more seconds. burning billions of frictions at the moment and we have a societal problem we have other requirements that are not being taken into account there is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom-up approach and don't see certain requirements so we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well other sdos working in this space so that we can accelerate each other that's my message thank you yeah strongly agree uh to solve the ai problem or ai kind of standardization is going to take not not only this organization but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other sdos and professional kind of organizations and open source to to kind of get us get us there uh okay thank you uh so ijen you're next in the queue yeah i do i'm from the title i have the similar concern for the working of the agent is the itf you know in this meeting there are about over 16 side meetings related to the ai and i think many of them contain of many content many of them contained either overlapped so i think it is necessary to determine quickly how we um put forward this work you want more formal manners okay yeah thank you thank you kind of for that feedback uh again to repeat a little bit of what i said kind of prior uh the catalyst baff is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the out of the side meanings i would also reiterate that ai is not a homogeneous topic uh it intersects uh it intersects with the AI you know as a whole so that's one of the things that's going to be important uh and also i would like to thank the sdos and the sdos for their kind of many, if not all of the areas we already have, if the topics that we want to bring in are intersections of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch-like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something as AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin? Yeah, Martin Duke. Contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was present at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was, and I kind of feel like the, I'm very, I'm conscious probably more than most people of how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF, but I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter-programming to the ITFs, and I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter-programming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard, and I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to, you know, really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with anything else, but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users, for the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I happen to be chair of the MOQ now. My working group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains a lot of information about the ITFs, and I think it's a really good idea to have a group that's kind of connected to the ITFs and the power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this, but I just want to leave the comment with the IHG. Let's try to preserve that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross-area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So I think it's a good idea to have a group that's kind of connected to the ITFs. So we, of course, have ended up with a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together, like SEC, WIT, and ART, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Okay, next up, Roberta, you're next. Hi. Hi. I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we're talking about. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information, like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work specifically that would be the non-working groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the, you know, some of the terms that has connection with it. For example, for agentic AI agents and AI itself. Where would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of, you know, the foundational models, those kind of information that might make difference for the way that people do drafts? Is there a place that we can, you know, join information and do some maybe a state of art of some of the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are doing it? Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank. Thank you. Right. Two things that we can come up with. There's some kind of a thinking subproject for it. And just just doing sort of aLab build around it. So using one thing that is as presenting to the company, that kind of thing. real kind of like a creative way of figuring out any document. Right? Is it just sharing data if it is validating to improve the infrastructure ideas that there are body types for cases that it Kristin? We're just included in the committee before you and we're a team. Yeah. So we just build our from the main engineer, you know, because we want to connect and have some sort of variation in terms of potential value there. So there there can be a licence requirement. There's a lot of possibilities for flap and that kind of stuff too. periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to end even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer you to others right and i've done it multiple times dm is in art he started an end for instance right so it's quite common we talk to each other and we learn from each other so cool all right uh so i'm seeing the queue line uh empty would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment i'm pausing waiting james James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, we okay, you have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, ISG, thank you, and we'll move to the next of our open mics. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats. Great. Thanks. I think we are ready. Do you want to do a quick introduction, please, on stage, starting with George? George Michael. Hello. Hello. Roland Kusum, LLC board. Montalo Camarillo, LLC board. Jay Daly, IETF executive director. And then we have you, Roman. Roman Dinelli, LLC board. And Mirjam Kuehne, LLC board. See a list of people in the queue, so, Rahul, go first, please. Oh, camera is facing the wrong way. Oh, right. Doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the in-person fee waiver. I'm having a, I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the process is as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences than, rather than us who are living in Asia, because even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India, I need to travel to China. I need a visa and that process takes easily one to two months. And for that reason, last, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous IETF. I had explained that the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me in advance itself that, it's not possible for you to make that decision. Unfortunately, I basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last minute travel because even last minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me are going to want to come to IETF. I'm been bringing work consistently to IETF. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the Global South can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF and they learned of a similar situation actually did move their processes back by a month. So that, I think, I think it's, I think it's a really good thing that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So let me take that question, Miriam, because that's, this isn't an LLC matter. This is the ITF chair matter. So yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. The, you're, you're exactly right. The IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach for the, for the, for the, the things giving out by the ITF chair is one month out. And that's largely historically been done to, to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long term kind of sustainment and, and, and, and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF has run. So there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for, for why those, why those, those fee waivers are handed out, but your observation that some of the venues that we've run, you've done quite well, but you're a little bit of a blow over the head. Is there anything else to add to that kind of issue? I mean, you know, it's, you know, it's, it's very, it's very, it's very, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, visit have long-term visa, have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges. So it may take time for that paperwork to process. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And I will commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches. One, to continue doing it as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage to do an early tranche of approvals, because I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after typically a meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So stay tuned around. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up, Mark. Hi, Mark Nottingham. So in the presentation, we said the secretariat contract is still being renegotiated. And I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Can you communicate anything about why that is? Are there major sticking points? No. We can't explain anything about it at all. So no to the first part, but not to the second. Well, no to the first one and no to the second one. So there aren't any sticking points. Sorry. So there are no, everything is continuing smoothly. These things just take some time. Okay. Thanks, Jay. Next up is Andrew. Hi, good morning. Good evening, rather. I hope you can hear me. I just want to say I was in the ICANN meeting in Mumbai last week, which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue. And the ICANN's agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITF's. Yet, from my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge the committee to consider India as a future venue. I think it'd be excellent for us to go there. And ICANN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. Pete? Hi. In the past couple of weeks, actually, once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments which at least are interpretable as the IETF LLC is the IETF. For some of us old, crusty folks, that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world, that the SDO is completely independent of the LLC as sort of part of the charter of the LLC, that there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the IETF, as far as I know, the IETF still isn't incorporated as SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper, or if I'm missing something. Yeah, thanks for bringing this up, Pete. I'm wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to. And if there was any confusion, I don't know, Jay, if you want to comment on that, but I don't think we would say the LLC is equals the IETF. Peter Beresford- Yes, so to be clear, Pete, I was not saying that the IETF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the IETF LLC is constructed to at times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the IETF, then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up and it will not be on behalf of those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the IETF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The IETF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role and at times in that role it has to be there. The other one I gave you, for example, was the trading name. That the IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF for things. So what I am suggesting is that what I am saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation and to say that that nuance view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem I have is if the IETF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason, I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the IETF. The IETF, the SDO is those 7,000 individuals. Now, that's not the case. That's not the case. That's not the case. Now, I don't know how a court deals with that problem, but at least within the community there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF, the SDO and if for purposes of contracting and other things, a DBA does not bother me if the IETF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is due. And whether it is due I whatever, that's just a business relationship, but in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO, I think is important, and I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. . Well, thanks for pointing this out, Scott, and I hope we are starting an episode when the airlines are leaving LA midway for pick-up and possession. Wish you a great week. . закончement. As we head back to everything and lets go home, we will continue in form here as we bring игed on the last couple of weeks. You've got too many ballots left. Of course, I forgive you for those who haveацию materials but now ourambiguities 23014314 finalized a No ADina in default. out pete um well i yeah i don't know how to respond to this at this stage i wasn't in there when the comments were made but um but yeah we'll discuss this um and how to make sure to not come across as confusing apparently thanks um hi thanks jean-francois my comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with um with the visas in our particular case we had two students from india who were scheduled to come here as fellows and unfortunately we just got their approval two days too late corresponding to their to their flights uh that's nobody's fault i mean it's just the way it goes i was only wondering if um when the venue was um analyzed whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how they would apply to the visa so what we discovered that we ourselves that's our fault we did not pay attention to the chinese new year was right in the middle and so for 10 12 days the embassy was closed in delhi and that just delayed the whole thing what would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and decent time to get the visas done because of that closure it became the main problem so i'm just wondering if that was ever um a part of the thinking process or there will be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into um on the way yeah thanks john i'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist in the for the meeting when you're planning but um it's a good point we could um it's probably not always going to be possible you know to to add this into the planning cycle but it's definitely something we can take into account all right thank you um who's next eric hi um so there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting about the suitability of this venue and whether people will be able to attend um i can't help noticing that in many of the meetings i'm in the majority of participants were remote and also a huge fraction of leadership including by my count the majority the iesg and the iab are remote um do you have any comments do you have any comments about what exactly about the suitability of this venue in light of those facts well i can point you to um roman statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and and and on site compared to other meetings um yeah and i can also say that i noticed that um the remote participation seems to work really well actually you know especially also for myself well i guess i'm asking you specifically about the participation of the court in the court leadership of this organization including you but i would notice yes including myself and i'm participating remotely this is not the only itf i'm not participating in person i mean so i'm i guess it's up to everybody individually to to decide that um overall i think the venue was suitable i mean there are a lot of people on site especially from the country and neighboring countries so that seems to have worked out well i don't know if there are any other comments on the other port members uh since the isg was kind of mentioned kind of speaking from that yeah there there definitely is not the full complement of the isg here in person uh we discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that uh as i had in my kind of plenary slide almost all of us are are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel and participate in different in different venues is kind of contingent on set approval and a number of party at least on the isg i won't speak for the other leadership bodies we're not kind of approved and this is what that that turnout kind of looks like we're waiting from the isg side at least we are waiting for the post meeting survey to get feedback on you know what what what was what was the experience of kind of all the participants in particular we're looking for the some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey so we are going to have some after you know as an after action some perspective on what what those experiences are uh from the from the in-person survey and how we can support the in-person survey and then we'll have a kind of a general discussion about how we can get the feedback back so i think that's a really good way to start this is a very very kind of quick looks uh we had participation may also be uneven kind of across areas about how much remote and is on site but it's just too early for us to say from the from the data that we have right now thank you um any other comments i don't see any on the stage um next up rahul again francois question uh is there any long-term consideration by idf on the venue based on visa requirements because just uh for example here if the meeting was not in shenzhen but in hong kong traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports and uh i understand that the hosts would have some considerations but in general in the long term and again bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal so i'm wondering uh if you have any thoughts on that yeah i mean you're already hinted i mean we're also dependent on on the host to a certain extent and um and and you know finding venues and etc and also i think what we've explained earlier you know with the the hybrid project and the general selection and the general preheat of the platform uh also in tools and tools and little bit of information you may even have in your materials such as in studies data and the Permac right a little bit about it you know it is something that we have developed for this project ti just as a majority part of what we're living with today is唱eras are aging at the moment in last 40 days and that's that's bard Hamlet pielman institute해�оды ciudad kutbetensche forkte more換�� 사 doublesosta shares interactions with students in the global community which is also consistent problem and young people don't need easier pregnancy in the United Statesouches are canceling voting vacancies that come to the u.s.a. in numbers more than once per American immigration Ca até mas Libik u, Modeo.org to find the perfect venue in that respect. No other comments from our side, I think, on that. No? Yes. Hi, Miriam. It's strange to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment, but I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the no visa, and all of that was extremely good. And frankly speaking, it's delightful. My first time in Shenzhen, I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese, from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right? Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that, and we are going to see what happens in November. I'm really excited. Thank you. And I'm really curious. But we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous path for the IETF to continue in this direction. So that's one comment I would like to make. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work. And I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on Pete's comments. I think Pete makes a very important point, which is, we should not confuse the two sides, and we should be very, very clear on the demarcation that he mentioned. Thank you. Thanks, Arnaud. Jason. Hi, Jason, living good. This is in response to Pete's question. Now, I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is, because I wasn't in any of those meetings when I heard things say. But I would encourage people, to reread RFC 8711, pretty straightforward. And section 4.3, the LLC is established to provide administrative support to the ITF. It has no authority over the standards development activities of the ITF. And it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting, fundraising, like fundraisers and so on, compliance in its legal home. So it was the case way back before the IASA 2 activity, that the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established that there would be a separation between the standards development activities, which are independent and operated by like the ISG and, you know, some of the other organizations, so on and so forth. And then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear, but I'm not clear on whatever the questions were. It might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion. And happy to help because unfortunately, I think I might have been involved in some. Yes, thanks Jason. Thanks for the clarifying this. And yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that RFC. Are there any comments from the audience? Any of us on stage? No, seeing none. Next up is Vittorio. Hi, Vittorio Bertola. I didn't plan to come at the mic, but I did want to offer a different perspective to what Eko said. I think that having, and also to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing. Even if it means that many regulars are remote. Actually, I think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the ITF, all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places. It is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting, to come at least one time in person and discover this world, and maybe they will continue. And it is up to us, not up as meaning the regulars. I don't know if I'm a regular by now. Not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contribute to us. And to this extent, I mean, to a certain extent, it was in multiple sessions. I saw drafts represented by newcomers being met with their usual, unfortunately, attitude by ITF regulars. So like, I mean, condescending or outright hostility or just go away. So I know the ITF has been putting effort in changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there. And this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So in the end, I think it's a very good thing. Yes, it's also said honestly that there are so many members of the leadership here. I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here. But the fact that we had the largest meeting of the ITF ever, and possibly the meeting with so little, maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever, is something we have to think about. I think I'm sure that all of you made all the possible efforts to be here in person, but still the result is not satisfactory. Thanks for your comments, Vittorio. Rohan. I support the fact that we came to China. And several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar reasons why they will not be able to attend. And in San Francisco, and there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks. It's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go. We need to just suck it up. Okay? Just let the process run. We need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here. And not beat up everyone unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go that is going to meet all of the requirements and is going to allow this regular change of venue so that things are convenient for different people in different continents. We just need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for that comment. Roberta. I'm a little bit more of a fan of the Chinese. So, I'm going to ask you a question. What is your opinion on the visa? Hey, folks. I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to United States because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in United States, you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have some kind of support for people who are going over there, that are afraid because it's for any reason why. Right, I used to be an ethical hacker, so I got some personal interest at least going on. So, I wanted to ask, do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the United States? And what are you planning as the country is on war right now, right? How is going to be the support for attendees? Yeah, thanks for bringing this up. I know people are concerned. We discussed this before. And similar to this meeting, I believe it's for everybody individual to decide what the risks are and if you can make it or not. I'm not aware, Jay. I don't know if you want to comment on that and if you can provide any legal support. For individuals. I don't think we've done that in the past at least. Roberto, no. Unfortunately, that's not something we can do. It's too expensive. The liability is unlimited. It really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves. My biggest concern is that, you know, during the visa process might be everything okay. And then we arrive over there and I have some instances, you know, I have some instances of friends that have been, you know, detained. And sometimes it's not, you know, just to go back home is to answer over there. It's more if we risk it, the organization might at least know that we are there, you know. But thank you. We are effectively a business conference in terms of visas. And if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming, sorry, coming to the US for that purpose, not going to work or anything like that, then, you know, there are very, in fact, I'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country, not, you know, people coming to this sort of thing. I thank you for the comment, but actually I have some instances because of, you know, DEFCON and everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry, but thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Warren Kamari, I think I'm next. Yes. Just a quick follow-on from what Anand said. I found this to be a great venue. Everything's worked really nicely. People have been great. Yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa, but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries. So, you know, we have a lot of people, participants from China. This, I think, is the right thing to do and good on us. Thanks, Warren. Martin. Hi. So I'm not sure that the LSA Board has really listened to the community when it comes to either China or the US. I would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with as one of the factors in making a decision. And I think that those people who have suggested otherwise are denying reality to some extent. So I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard and think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. If people are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people who turned up in person this time, if those people continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point, but... Yeah, I don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that. Nope. Ben. Hi there. Is my media working now? Yes. That's an excellent prelude to what I'm about to say. So I wanted to push back on Arnaud's point that this is about geopolitics. I actually come to the opposite conclusion of Martin about politics being important. I think that the IESG and the LLC were correct in their discussion with the community about this leading up to this election, that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right lodestar to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time, as geopolitics intrudes on our work more and more, I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world. The regulatory impositions we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique if you look at it in a global context. So I would encourage the IESG and the LLC to take a careful and close look in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced, and to take that into account as you look at future venue selections, whether the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places, and whether we're going to be able to be effective with the venues we select. Yeah, thanks for the suggestion, Richard. We're definitely doing that with any other venue that we're going to, thanks. So Miriam, if I might, on that particular kind of topic, Richard, you highlight kind of a good point, which is that about kind of what might be kind of the unique challenges, and is there, after any meeting, a learning experience on, you know, is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future? So I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to GENdispatch. Tomorrow we have a draft being presented on the topic of network requirements, and if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network kind of for the meeting, this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like. So please come to that discussion. The LLC, I think, ultimately will act on whatever is the community's consensus, the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria. And thanks for the plug for my draft, Raymond. I wanted to flag that a bit more broadly, though, for the IESG and LLC, right? The question was posed to the LLC and to the IESG, will this meeting be effective? Right? So I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think it's a really good question. I think that there's a proactive prediction that you guys were asked to make. And so I think as you're having board meetings, IESG retreats, things like that, I think it would be useful for you, these bodies, you know, internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turned out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future. So I think that's a really good question. Tony. Hi. Tony Lee. I'm an American. The way the United States government is operating right now, the ITF cannot protect anyone. The government is running around basically bands of thugs, and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable. We've seen them detain citizens. We've seen them detain people who were legally there. There's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the U.S. Thanks, Tony. Yeah, I don't comment on this stage. Thanks for this piece of information. Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. Then I see one more. Benjamin. Hi. So as a new participant in meetings with the IETF, the one thing that I have learned is, at least from many of you, is that work at the IETF happens on the mailing list. So to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting, and there are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting. So I think that's a really good point. And I think that's a really good point. And I think that's a really good point. And I think that's a really good point. There is an opportunity for these people to go to another meeting, and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this venue choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks, Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. We're a little over time. So I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great evening there, be there in person. Miriam, before we sign off, Jay, do you want to repeat the social focused activity kind of tonight with a light show that you sent out to the community? This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CN Nika Huawei. So this will be starting at 8pm for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city centre as a welcome to the IETF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the Civic Centre where there will be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock, it's about 10-15 minutes walk. You should see you all there. Jay? Is there another question? I guess not. Microphone is off. So, enjoy. By the way, we have provided a lot of social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take anyone. I know, I know. Yeah. We can all talk about some... Yeah. The thing behind the video wasn't on the ad. It's not on the top. But remember, we've got the code.