Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. So, we're going to open up. And then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF trust. And after that is going to be the IETF administration LLC report. And we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. This year, this time we're meeting in the middle, so we are going to hear from the IETF we're meeting the order is going to be the IAB, the IASG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide, please. So before we get started, I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site, like the secretariat, the MeetEcho team, the NOC team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that push the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments, you know, as quickly kind of as possible. So when we arrive at the meeting, we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Well, thank you for that. So next, I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Kai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Thank you. Mr. Xian Kai, Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Information and Technology, I would like to welcome you to the stage. Good afternoon, dear Chairman Roman Stanilov, and Deputy Director, ladies and gentlemen, and friends. Today, we have a very special guest from Shenzhen, China, an expert in the field of Internet technology, and a friend from Shenzhen, China, a friend from Shenzhen, China, a friend from Shenzhen, China. I am very honored to be a part of the 125th IETF meeting of the IETF. First of all, I would like to welcome the guests and friends who have come from afar to the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration, and I would like to send my warmest congratulations on the successful opening of the meeting. I would like to thank all the friends from China, who have been caring and supporting the development of the Internet in China for a long time. As an international organization with great influence in the field of the Internet, since the establishment of the IETF, we have made irreplaceable contributions in the core agreement, architecture, and technical standards of the Internet, and have established a solid technical foundation for the prosperous development of the Internet. We express our high praise for this. China has a spirit of open, inclusive, cooperative, and win-win, and we are very grateful to the IETF for its commitment to the development of the Internet. We have a spirit of open, inclusive, cooperative, and win-win, and we are very grateful to the IETF for its commitment to the development of the Internet. The IETF is deeply committed in encouraging open work, supporting the network technology community, shooting up international exchanges, actively participating in international technical standards and creating Internet-based infrastructure for internet communication, promoting the construction of a free, safe, open and decreasing space for network cooperation, for the convenience of the global Internet, which can continue to expand and innovate. The new technology in the Internet field is getting better and better. Artificial intelligence and other technologies are deeply integrated into the Internet, bringing opportunities for development and new challenges. We look forward to this conference to discuss the innovative ideas and technologies of the Internet. We also look forward to this conference to promote the cooperation of more and more companies and help the development of high-quality Internet industries. Let's work together to open up innovation and build the common destiny of the Internet space. Let's make digital civilization better for the people of the world. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and happy life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the deputy director of Ciennic. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. Thank you, all. Thank you very much for brought to us, both on behalf of the 행복 and Ciencific we hope to all enjoymouth Vietnam and enjoy eldritch while doing high-quality do job andaal fattytour by promoting the longstanding development of growers in central Asia Isso also means to 겁니다 the key message of this series. Thank you. Thank you for joining. Ms. Jian Moz mi stood. Of course, I am, indeed, invited to join since I do 1 to 1 off with you, and I be doing this three, 3 of us, 15 to 26 people coming here. report and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen, and I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've got gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So phenomenal to see the community to come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we've had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look around, you're sitting to your left, there are two people, and one other person to your right, one of those people is new to the IETF, unless you are. So one quarter of almost one quarter of participants here at the IETF have never been to a meeting before, and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the IETF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the internet. Please join the mailing list. Please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes. And I'll see you in the next section. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The IETF has issued no statements, and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements was related to an appointment to the IETF Trust and to the IPMC. So first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner, who has been selected, and we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP245 moderators, and I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. later. Next slide, please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together, and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical, from the chart on historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity, since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening, to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in GEN affects each and every one of you in the room, because the processes defined in GEN impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in the IETF stream, I would like to share with you a link to the IETF stream. If you are interested in anything related to how IANA and code points are specified here in IETF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS working group. If you aspire to tailor, to change, or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the PROCON working group, the process document and consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I'd talk more about, the ModPod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to communication. Some of these are the missing elements. There are some things that need to be added, for example, some of the things that we are going to be considering, such as data bias. someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well, and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the IAB website. And we're going to be looking at that in the next few days. So, thank you for your time. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So, as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised, and so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organizations is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So, hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So, next slide, please. So, I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So, the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel, and this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So, next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So, for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the director of meeting on the board of meeting operations and sponsorships, but she will be, unfortunately, exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those, and that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world, in an interoperable kind of fashion, and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have, but she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie, but I'm sure you've seen it. I'm sure you've seen it. I'm sure you've seen it. I'm sure you've seen it. Stephanie, and honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you. Thank you so much. And, you know, best of luck with your, with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the community. Thank you. So next slide, please. I now turn it over to Dhruv Dhodi, who congratulations, is the new chair of the IAB. i'm the incoming iab chair next slide please perfect yes so we have the full iab report which you can find on our website as well as on the itf 125 proceedings but this we will keep it short and sweet we did one workshop recently in december which was on ip address geolocation the initial report is out and we had a good discussion in the iab open as well so check it out those videos as well as the videos of the whole workshop everything is available on our iab page and data tracker we did a bunch of outreach activities uh we were at the icon 85 last week in mumbai which went quite well warren and i were there warren was also at the apricot and apnec meeting in jakarta where we talked about what's happening at this itf meeting and in the next few days we were at the apricot meeting and we talked about what's happening at this itf meeting and in writing more participants from the operator from the region to come to shenzhen as well as robin was at this plus 20 high level un meeting where the outcome document was adopted by consensus which is something we from the technical community and iab has been participating at appeals we responded to three appeals since the last itf meeting and with that let me pass it on to dirk who will talk about irtf thank you thank you hello i'm the coach i'm the irtf chair so before i give you um my updates um i'd like to say a few words so um as i have here i see it as my my job to you know bring in new communities um especially um you know the younger generation the next generation in our community so here's the role that升 um so here for theboo um um um um um um um um brought students here not only this meeting but also previously and it is a program in Brazil that bought 18 people to this meeting and so the Brazilian friends they had the longest journey by far so they were on the road or I'm on the plane for two or three days and the Brazilians maybe please stand up so we can see you all welcome so they they come all this way to you know engage with us to meet the experts to meet the leadership and I really hope this will be worthwhile okay so in the IRTF we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week so we still have meetings by crypto forum rasp RG and network management RG coming up in the next two days please check that out um then we have the applied networking research workshop and the applied networking research price that's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee support high quality research and also get new ideas new people in and a W and the workshop is um kindly supported by aβm secum and aaka<|pl|> The applied networking research price recognizes the best results in applied networking from like last year, so what we do is we. nominate. Like top contributions in the field of applied networking and then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones, and this is supported by ISOC Comcast and NBC universal and quite often we get. You know, really, really top papers on. topics that are really relevant and also quite quite current at the moment in the idea of. And so just today in idea of open, we had to an IP. winners, so we had Johnny go and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks and Shanghai one for his. work on sending burstiness control for high quality real time communication on the agents. And so, this week we actually had to idea of open meeting so one just before and on Tuesday, we had one that was dedicated. on discussing internet working research challenges for I so. We know in many discussions on the broader topic, so we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IAT F in this field so beyond data centers be beyond the immediate engineering challenges. And there's a lot of working on in academia and you know conference and so on, you want to figure out Okay, how can we make this useful for our larger Community so invited to really great. presentations. On different aspects and had good good discussion and on potential topics, so what we identified so far was you know testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments. Like the broader distributed system and protocol design for this will learning and inference platforms, there are new architectures coming out and you know new abstractions for like collective communications and so on and but also. More. more. more. kind of like I think. Or or different I would say you know over that feature like a baccalaureate like working citizen perspective andКoou js ber din of second studies. gia don ke phaia thai nou ta turn to our Ag stuff about the an. Poly. Anet we also. adiina Mar Fried at an. PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from Asia, really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested, or if you know somebody who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you. So thank you. So this is my last report as the ITF NOMCOM chair for this cycle. These were the people of the NOMCOM 25-26 cycle, the voting members, some of them are here. So please thank them if you see them in the hallway. I've seen one of my NOMCOM members in the Tokyo remote hub. So people in Tokyo, thank him also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Dejan. Good. But it's not about us, it's about selection for this year. So we're very happy with the current selection. So we had one selection for the LLC board, one for the trust, ITF trust and IPMC. Six selection candidates, selected candidates for the IAB, two term period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas candidates and assigned for the period of two years. So I'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term, willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Okay, thank you. Thank you so much, everyone for this wonderful talk. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity. Of course, that's something that's important to us, to our community and also to the NOMCOM. We got a day training this year, like last year, about unconscious bias, etc. So that's important. I think that's something that the NOMCOM was very aware of also during the whole process. of reviewing interviews and the deliberations some highlights here are well not highlight per se there's no gender diversity improvement this cycle so be aware of that we're conscious of that but of course we try to improve every year but this is a this is an observation here we improved on regional diversity that's a good thing so different voices different perspectives are good for our community and so there's a constant improvement here and we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything I call it here the leadership pipeline young people new leadership next generation leadership and we also hear that from the community in every review all the reviews we receive thank you I Jeff community for your reviews for your feedback on the on the nominees it's important and stressed think about new generation about the next generation leadership so with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position the non-comm members always ask about thinking about your succession and luckily most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for or nominees actually for the next non-com cycle and of course it's up to the non-com in one two three four years to select the nominee but I think it's important to think about the candidates but it's good that we have nominees to select from so thanks yeah as I already said we are aware of it we are doing our best we are in a good place but we can always do better so it's a constant process another thing is well lessons learned the first first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before um it's a good document our RFC 7 13 but they're in practical situations it doesn't say anything about well new situations or things we haven't thought of um so well there's one thing mentioned the chair can with the nomcom always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process and well and accept it or a not expected situation so it works uh as in the same bullet point here the nomcom process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition um and that works also but and that's now now a new point i want to work on at least some basic documentation how the things work some steps basic steps at least how to proceed through the nomcom as a chair um and that could also help with the help of well kind of delegating tasks to the secretary because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary so it's good to have some documentation and mostly the practical stuff um that's yeah and also for myself at least during the deliberations i spent a little bit too much time on the voting it's just to be a simple process but i was counting the yes and no process and i was counting the yes and no process and those are simple but yes maybe no that becomes more difficult and then you have all kind of rankings so i think for the next year it's good to have this a little bit automated so it can focus on the process and all the discussions and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes so finally um yeah some words of thanks i want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the non-comtentor and i'm happy to be part of the non-comtentor group for this year's chair for this cycle it was very learn well i learned a lot and was super interesting and it was very rewarding um also the itf community was very supportive in the beginning i made some mistakes and as you are you would directly send me an email that i made a mistake but it was always supportive people helped me out so thank you um also the non-com voting members were very very dedicated so it was a great team i mentioned that already during the the november um itf meeting and again the chairs advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice it's almost i get an uh an award for the oscar academy awards with all the thank yous good um before i leave the stage i want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the nomcom it's a lot of work yes it is but it's also you learn everything you need to know about the non-comtentor and the non-comtentor group so i want to thank you for that and i want to thank you for the opportunity to be here and thank you for the opportunity to be a lot of things about the itf process about the people in the idea and and its processes thank you um and visualization and visualizing of the apt information so that is a little bit taller than i am and i was on that i'm calm and i will echo please do the non-com it's a really great experience you learn so much and you meet some great people anyways i'm glene dean and i'm the outgoing chair of the ipmc corporation and the itf trust this is our report uh to itf 125. So, non-coms do what they do, and the IASG does what it does, and they both appoint people to the ITF Trust and the IPMC board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burden, who has served us as an IASG appointee. Kristen was really helpful. She's a lawyer by training. Very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing during the ITF IPMC creation and setup. So, thank you very much, Kristen, for your service to the ITF Trust and the IPMC. Then there's this guy. He's been around for quite a while, and one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term-limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term-limited. We like people to stick around the ITF Trust to build up institutional knowledge. And be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever. And this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So, I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say, if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants. And I learned so much by being a part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it this coming year when the NOMCOM is appointing another person. So, thank you for letting me be in that role. I've really enjoyed it. . So, we have a new set of directors for the ITF IPMC. A couple of them are carrying over. We've got two new ones. Lars Egert is coming in, as is Sean Turner. And we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers. So, I'd like to announce that Wendy Seltzer has taken on the role of IPMC president. Sean Turner, who I think is in the Tokyo remote, is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer, which Wendy has vacated. . . And Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary. . Likewise, the ITF trust is in the final throes, but we still needed some people around to close up shop. And so, the decision was made that the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be Wendy. So, thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. . All right. . So, that's the end. Let's talk about the out stuff. Let's talk about what we've been doing. So, we like to give a report. And usually these numbers are zero because, you know, trust is set up to be very boring. And when everything is perfect, it is very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN1 module from RFC 9881. So, there we got one. . The other good news, though, is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good if you deal in intellectual property assets. . So, here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. . And we've been working on the ITF for a little while. I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So, we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal and now. We had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with related to the IPMC. . So, this formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC operates under. And that was up for a 60-day review. All of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. . This one's big. We've been working for a couple years now to get this transition done. . Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the ITF intellectual property assets from the ITF Trust into the IPMC Corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP, except for patents. The IPMC does not do patents for the ITF. And that is a major milestone. . Hold your applause for that one because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major moment. It's something we've been working to for years. And I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet, though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function, is still in process because we need some signatures. There's agreements that establish the role of the ITF Trust with relation to the IANA. . And there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the ITF Trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I no longer was the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on the behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures on, sign the document so we can get that thing done. . And some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation. Because if you look at the IETF documentation, it's got the word ITF Trust all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF, IPMC as the successor to that. So that draft's out there and is active. It's all about URL for the IPR, WG email list. And finally, the Trust Legal Provisions, which are now becoming the Technical Legal Provisions, so we can keep that same acronym, are being updated. . And then we've also been updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the IPMC is now the party holding the assets to the ITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. Same terms, if your lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though. Since that draft, or that document was first written, version 5, the editorial stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. And the other thing is the independent stream, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there'll be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And they'll be published for comment for a 30-day period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristin. But I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF Trust. It's served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point I think about $1,200 in the bank. And it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over, and it does its final tax filings, it's done. So I really did want to have a hand. And for the ITF Trust, because it has made this What is the ITF functional? And it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as ITF trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do. Which is good because it means they didn't get sued. No drama, no excitement. But anyways, for the ITF Trust and for all the people who volunteer, can I please have a round of applause? And that is how to contact the ITMC and get more stuff. George. Don't leave the stage. So, Glenn, thank you for your many years of service. And allow me to present you with this plaque. . . . . . . . Hello, I'm the The ITF executive director. Nice to see so many people in the room. So this is the administrative report for the ITF. And I'll start by thanking our ITF125 host. . . . . . . . . Thank you very much. I also want to thank very much Huawei, our special contributor and social event sponsor. Those of you who came last night to the social event, I'm sure will remember that. That is the best social event we have had. That was spectacular. Thank you. And then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor ZTE, to our local sponsor APNIC and our local supporters, Coremail. Thank you. I also want to thank our IETF 125 Gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion. Thank you very much to Akamai and Huawei. And thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for IETF 125. We have Comcast and ICANN for diversity and inclusion. We have ZTE for sustainability. ICANN and CNIC for running code. And DENIC and Nominet for the open internet. Thank you all very much. And then finally, thank you to our equipment, services and connectivity sponsors, without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the IETF than we do currently. Thank you very much to all of you. I should particularly like to note China Mobile and China Unicom who have helped very much with this conference. We have staff on site helping us out with our Wi-Fi, which is really going very well. And we have a lot of other companies really going above and beyond. Thank you very much for that. Every meeting, it seems, our logos get more and more desirable. So once again, I'm happy to tell you, you can get our swag from the online store. And we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting. Particularly for those people who go running, such as our current IETF chair. So I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out. In building the IETF tools and in running the IETF NOC, we rely on multiple people who give their time freely to help that work. So thank you very much to all of those people. And Rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this. But I think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here. So we have the Secretariat, Miitako and the NOC. Thank you all very much for your work. Thank you, everyone. como Thank you all very much for working with us. All right. Thank you all. Here at IETF 125, we only have a subset of the IETF staff. So I'm on site, clearly. I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers. They are staffing the tools help desk. So please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them. RPC staff at IETF 125, Alana, Alice and Sandy are here, they are also staffing a desk so if you have any questions about RPCs, sorry RFCs or the editing process please go and speak to them. And we have the full secretariat on site as well, so this is a simple diagram of the current structure there, so look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support see them, if you need to want to speak about anything particular then please speak to them as well. So finally on the thanks, thank you to our global hosts, our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the IETF and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need, thank you very much. So IETF 126 Vienna registrations are open, this will be in July, we are expecting to come, we are just about to sign with the host for the meeting, so that's good news for us and I hope very much to see as many as possible of you there. So looking forward to our meetings, we have Vienna coming up and then after that we have IETF 127 in San Francisco and since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced VeriSign as the host of that meeting. IETF 128 in Asia we are still in the negotiations with, it generally takes us quite some time to negotiate Asian venues, they are more complicated, we often have to use convention centres and us being a US company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship, so that's going ahead. We certainly aim to announce that by Vienna if possible. IETF 129 Europe, that was due to be signed and then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day, so we are just trying to work through that and then we will be able to announce that hopefully quite shortly. IETF 130 has now been announced, that is the Hyatt Regency Vancouver that we have been back to a number of times and we are of course looking for a meeting host for that. IETF 131 in Asia, we have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues and we are hoping to, and we are in the negotiations now about that, so that is moving forward. IETF 132 Europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out. IETF 133 is not on here, North America, but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in South America for that. So that is where we currently are with our meetings booking. We are a little bit behind, but we have so many of them quite close that we will catch up quickly and then we will be a bit ahead I think by the end of this year on meeting bookings. So that is it from me, thank you very much. I hand it over to Mirjam. Thanks Jay. I hope you can hear me and see me. My name is Mirjam Kuehne, I am the chair of the LLC board, that is more correct, and I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term studying at this conference and I am very happy to be here. I am a member of the board of the LLC, I am the chair of the LLC board, that is more correct, and I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term studying at this conference. So I am very happy to be here. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. That is it for the meeting. And we are going to move on to the next slide, so please go on to the next slide. Yes, this is the full board. You can see here, Gonzalo and George are there with you in person. Romain is online, I am online here and Shona cannot join us for this meeting. But you are all watching. So next slide please. Yeah. This is the kind of traditional financial overview of the end of year balance. And I am not going to go through all the numbers. You can do that in your own time. I mean for transparency reasons obviously we put them here on the slide so they will be published. You see some notes there. So if you go to the next slide, you will see some explanations and more details can be found always in the financial statements that we publish every month and then also at the end of the year. Overall, one thing to note here is that there are some like higher numbers as budgeted. So the positive variances there are. So the positive variances are mostly comprised of additional endowment contributions which always welcome ISOC matching funds, also the annual contributions from ISOC and some unrealized gains from investments that we have there. So that's good news. So next slide please. Just some items that the board is currently working on. We are still working on the secretariat contract. We tendering that's ongoing. And what the board keeps talking is Cettex cards. To make it easier to pull all the information you ave need. And also if you, if you see any of our online contact in any of our eike social accounts, please let us know, and also make sure that you know these, if you the an eike and you find them on the information And then we're going to evaluate the experiences with this after the meeting and see how we can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual retreat in April, the board retreat. We're preparing for that to look at future planning, strategy, risk register and other plans that we're doing on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here, but it's certainly also on our mind, is a meeting network and the meeting locations. And I really want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists, specifically also on meeting networks. And we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed tomorrow, I believe, in GENdispatch. And then we'll see where that goes. And so, yeah, please watch that space and contribute to that work. Next slide, please. You can also contribute to our work by participating in our board meetings. We have a monthly board meeting. Here are the dates. They are also on the website. And Michelle, our secretary, she always sends out announcements for the board meetings. So they're open to observers, at least like, you know, partially part of the meetings. We also have some closed sessions with staff and Jay. But, yes, please join us for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to our work. Next slide, please. I think that's about it. Yes, you can find a lot more information on the website, from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements. And also here are a number of mailing address, mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. Admin discusses our generic kind of administrative mailing lists where most of these discussions are held. And we're also looking forward to your feedback. Thank you. And I hope that these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. Any question coming from the audience? We have a couple of questions. Let's distribute. Fwd. Fwd. Well, let's start with thanking the outgoing IAB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen, as we know him, has fluffy. And I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair now that he's not on the IAB anymore. Maybe. But seriously, you have been it's so good to talk to you when you when we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to the heart of the matter. And with that much clarity of thought, it has been amazing having discussions with you. Maria, you have served a decade on the leadership at the IAB and ISG every term with so much dedication, so much hard work. It has been amazing. The things that you have done as the IAB chair. Have such a lasting impact. You have opened the IAB with IAB open the way we do liaisons, the way we even our website revamped. So everything that we think of IAB as current has been done under your leadership and it has been amazing. Tommy on the big screen, always calm, collected, always clear in thought. As the IAB chair, we went through a transition. We had a bigger geographic and time zone distribution. And I think that's what we've done. We had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well. And there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an IAB, we went through a new activities with respect to more active participation at Internet Governance and you helped us. You made sure that each of us at the IAB felt supported in all the activities that we do. So thank you. And finally, Jin. Jin has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management. He has been our anchor for the last 10 years. He has been our anchor for the last 10 years. He has been our anchor for the last 10 years. He has been our anchor for 10 years. And we are now working in the network management operations. And this is an chin showed us the diverse participation matters. Having a viewpoint from looking from different areas, from different geography, bringing a different viewpoint to this IAB is fundamental. And Chen, you have shown that in your last two terms. So with that, I would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four of our members. Thank you. Thank you. For the two outgoing members who are here, we can use a photo opportunity. Maria, can I invite you, please? And Chin. Let's go this way. We won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Cullen, but I think maybe somebody can make an AI-generated one. And with that, let's do introductions, and then we'll do open mic. For introduction, let's start with Jason. Jason Livinggood, IAB. Mark Nottingham, IAB. Mia Kulevent, outgoing IAB. Suresh Krishnan, IAB. Warren Kamari, in a surprising turn of events, IAB. Yaroslav Rosamaho, incoming IAB. Dhruv Dhody, incoming IAB chair. Alberto Rattana, IAB. Yingzhen Xu, incoming IAB. Dekutshan, IRTF chair. Qinwu, outgoing IAB. Can we have remote folks? Ali? Ali? Ali? Oh, yes. Sorry, sorry. You can hear me now? Yes. Hello, this is Ali. Ali Began, incoming IAB. Thank you. Cullen? Fluffy? Outgoing? Glad that the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Do we have Jenna or I don't see Jenna, maybe. Matthew? Hi, Matthew Bochy, IAB. Nick? Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. And Roman, how come we are missing you? Okay. I think we can't hear you, Roman. Okay, move on. Open mic, questions for the IAB. And somebody will help me with the queue. Oh, here we are. Anod. All right. So congratulations to the IAB. Thank you. Thank you. So congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are leaving. And so I have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by IAB, especially on the liaison. I think Miria and Are working on that one. And I think this is really good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is about job hunting. speaking about liaison i observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework liaisons are good but they are just one part of the equation we we have seen in some areas like dm between itf and sg17 we started to have leadership that started to speak to each other and i must say thank you to jim reed i don't know where jim is but he was the one who who pushed us here to do that and that was good um we we however it's only this week i realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other and not that people don't want in fact but people don't know um not only don't know but even i don't know um i don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process tools etc so that's probably something we should explore the second thing is that um i i was approached with the question of how do we do this in terms of the second thing is that um i i was approached with the question of how do we do this in terms of a lot of questions after my sad meeting i would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are doing to the iab so that we can really intimately understand together how we work and what could be tangible actions we could do together then the next point is about opportunities there is going to be on the idu side a plenipotentiary plenipotentiary that's supposed to be indoor we'll see what happens but that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions and i we'll see what happens but that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions and i want to come back on the workshop on china and protection that iab promoted now there is the window is slightly opened to make a change in this resolution if you have some desires based on what you're doing now and ii based on what you are doing now now is the moment it never happened in years and we managed to unlock the doors at member state level so now they know that they're going to modify it so if you want to size this opportunity do it the last point is about AI I II okay so here the frustration are the friction of three IETF meetings that each of them have had signed meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream I can understand Madrid okay more real now again in fact this week we did the first official meeting with the both catalyst on agent ikai so the problem is timing and so if you move if you move your brain until what's going to happen next and you consider a number of risks including for San Francisco in November that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there I am doing on my side three meetings one plenary and one content week from now until next July so it's an offer I can offer you the tools I have in my office and the tools that are available in the offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings size it because this will give you input to prepare the July meeting in Vienna we must have something in concrete in Vienna because if San Francisco is risky that's the only moment we can do something so we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in Vienna and then I will bring all the inputs you need uh let's make it happen so I know it was a lot of things you don't need to answer now but these are things we can do offline yeah thank you uh not let me tackle just a few points very quickly we will not go in depth for all of them with respect to liaisons I completely agree the first thing that we have to do is relationship I think that's when we do best when we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that so any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can up to discuss we can of course maybe get some better tooling whichever way you have that we find people reach out to us we want to do this better uh with AI the last question I think I'll leave that to ISG from the IAB side I think we are watching we are we help during the bof preparation with catalyst with other things so we are watching but that question specifically with side meeting and everything it's for the ISG so hold on to that uh remind me you a little bit more about the IAB side and what the other two other questions for ITU uh PP so thanks for bringing bringing it up we have uh uh plans to participate we are discussing uh this is still a lot of inputs coming in let's continue the conversation does any other IB member wants to add yeah please go ahead yeah I actually um appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this um way forward and like you are helping us to have this like exchange with the relevant groups in ITU I think actually that works very well and as to set like if you need to improve we can do that but I'm actually very positive that that I'm seeing that so thank you for that uh there is one regret I have uh just that can say that Tommy and I discussed an idea of a workshop on a jaunty KI that would have helped remove a lot of hits and get the debates on we didn't do it I don't know why it happened but uh that's something that the IAB could have done so now it's too late but we have another way we can do it and achieve it for for the life um for the liaison piece in fact there is something that is simply a lack of practice in terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer a liaison statement because for us sometimes tell us don't do it that would help us enormously because until we receive something from the community here saying you don't do that I cannot show that to member states so there are few simple things that if the leadership works together we can pass you the message and help you organize that and it's it's easy we not take too much time and everybody will be happy I I think we have made a bunch of improvements on that we have been sending acknowledgments at least and as well as nudging various groups where action is needed but as we have discussed this multiple times is just a very different fundamental way the two organizations work we have to find a middle ground let's continue to talk that's what I can offer any other uh we have one more person but I can see the name Andrew in Shenzhen I just wanted to thank you Andrew I didn't catch everything but it seemed a little like you were happy so that's good anyone else otherwise going once going twice and ISG so I'd welcome the incoming and outgoing ISG to the stage sorry um uh thank so All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time. Which is the metric of is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach, practical approach, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF where we merged the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the art AD, but you're also the shadow sec and wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work. And I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So Ori, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways. But, you know, Paul, first up. I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a sec area. So being a sec area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area. How we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which, I think, very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you out there. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right, so we have historically had the transition. If we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to get a slide in. Thank you. Okay, hi everyone. I'm Charles Zuckel, incoming Art AD. Andy Newton, Art AD. Ort Steele, outgoing Art AD. Roman Danilio, Gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming Int AD. Eric, your turn. I'm going Int AD. Sorry. So Eric Ving, the other ongoing Int AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be an Int AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of Ops AD. Okay. Jim Gishard, Routing AD. Keetan Talawlikar, Routing AD. Hunter Van Der Velde, in and outgoing, outgoing and incoming Routing AD. And Momin Dulkade, Ops AD. Dekuli, Sec AD. Chris Anasio, Sec AD. Palo Alto's outgoing Sec AD. Okay. Druk Dhody, incoming IAB Chair. Mike Bishop, With AD. Gauri Fairhurst, renewing AAD for WIT. Tommy. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video. So Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB Chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. You know, we're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps, you know, a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. Okay. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you volunteered to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need some more. They might have another type of a form or something like that to fill out. So we should take that and try to work on it. All right. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about what we're looking for. We've already had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. And I think we're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question on the chat. I have a question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agent ETI situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created and in fact is good that people could discuss about it. But we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. So that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here, to say the guidance is there. And then the second thing, I think, is the time to think about the timing for the next meeting. And I think that that's what's important. And that's what's important. And I think I'm not going to wait. So I think that's what you're saying. Yeah. So I think that's what you're saying. Yeah. So I think that's what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here, to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do, I don't care, but I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So, thoughts? Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles, I know, like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And, you know, I think that's a great point. Thank you. In a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in tightly bound charters. And, you know, what is the approach to on ramp it, you know, in there? The boff that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches. That is one of, I'm sure, many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash kind of offsite about how to convert the energy, not just in AI. And aside meetings into structural things in the in the standards process. Hey, Gurm. And I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETF. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim boffs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before but Francesca previous art ID helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings would like to make use of. make use of i volunteer my two fellow art ids to take your requests but i do think meeting between meetings is something that we should we should definitely be considering given the level of interest thanks uh thanks sorry so the the uh i i cannot do that for you i mean i don't know enough what's possible but that that's certainly a possibility just as a point of benchmark and i know i have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states so we you we had the first meeting on agentiki this week thanks to adrian uh and the team on the catalyst red job that's step one for me step one started december 24th so in 15 months i am where i am but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus alignments understanding creation restructuring so just think about the time it takes to get there and time is ever probably the longest time to get there and i think that's the most important thing to do and i think that's the most important thing to do and i think that's the most important thing to do and i think that's the most important thing to do and i think that's the most important thing to do and the industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment and we have a societal problem we have other requirements that are not being taken into account there is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom-up approach and don't see certain requirements so we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well other sdos working in this space so that we can accelerate each other that's my message thank you yeah strongly agree uh to solve the ai problem or ai kind of standardization is going to take not not only this organization but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other sdos and professional kind of organizations and open source to to kind of get us get us there okay thank you uh so ijen you're next in the queue yeah i do i'm from china telecom i have the similar uh cancer for the walking of the agent is uh itf you know uh in this meeting there are about uh over 16 side meetings related to the ai and i think many of them contain of many content many of them contained either overlapped so i think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in one more formal manners okay yeah thank you thank you kind of for that feedback uh again to repeat a little bit of what i said kind of prior uh the catalyst bof is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the out of the side meetings i would also reiterate that uh ai is not a homogeneous topic uh it intersects it intersects many if not all of the areas we already have if the topics that we want to bring uh bring in our intersections of the existing work that we of the existing areas that we have each one of those has some mechanism to to onboard whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working routes so we should also leverage those processes just because again something is ai does not necessarily require a special onboarding path uh martin yeah martin duke uh contrary to popular belief i'm not in tokyo um uh i was president at the uh the creation of the mega dispatch experiment however many itfs ago that was and i i kind of feel like the uh i'm very i'm conscious probably more than most people the how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an itf but i think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that um in particular the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch at all on on monday morning um that proved to be too hard i think pretty quickly we collapsed that too in the early days of the pandemic um we were trying to do that uh you know really self-contained groups that that really have no interaction with anything else but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users uh the power itf users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work and uh i happen to be sharing the moq now um my working group has actually moved to monday morning it contains many itf power users it moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this but i just i just want to leave the comment with the isd let's let's try to provide some more of that and i think you know i think we're going to try to do that uh yeah we're going to try to do that and i think we're going to try to do that um but i think we're going to try to do that and i think we're going to try to do that and i think we're going to try to do that and i think we're going to try to do that and i think we're going to preserve that that model for dispatch we really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas thanks yeah thank you uh thank you kind of martin uh where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together so we of course have ended up with this federated a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like sec uh uh with and art but the other areas are distinct so we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction uh okay next up uh roberta you're next time hi hi uh i have a question related to maybe from foundational uh knowledge for some of the issues that we have with ai i don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information like a information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work specifically that would be the non-working groups but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the you know some of the terms that has uh connection with it for example for agent take ai agents and ai itself uh where uh would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how to get a general understanding of a lot of how agents work and that part of the foundational models, those kinds of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts. Is there a place that we can join information and do some, maybe a state of art of some of the firms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it in engineering on top of it? I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you wanna capture, but if you're asking for what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF, I think the answer would be to produce an ID, an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically. And so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple platforms. And so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple platforms. And so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. Thank you. And on the same topic, if you allow me to add, even if you talk to one area director, he can easily refer you to others, right? And I've done it multiple times. DM is in art, he started in AIM for instance, right? So it's quite common. Thank you. We talk to each other. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? I'm pausing, waiting. James. James. I'm getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, we, OK, you have dropped. OK, any other questions? OK, in that case, ISG, thank you. And we'll move to the next. Thank you, James. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage. While Roman and I are remote, I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats. Great. Thanks. I think we are ready. Do you want to do a quick introduction, please, on stage, starting with George? George Michelson, LLC board. Montalo Camarillo, LLC board. Jay Daly, ITF executive director. And then we have you, Roman. Roman Dinello, LLC board. And Miriam Kuna, LLC board. I see a list of people in the queue. So, Rahul, go first, please. Oh, camera is facing the wrong way. Doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the... I'm having a... I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the process is as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences than rather than us who are living in Asia. Because even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India, I need to travel to China. I need a visa. And that process takes easily one to two months. And for that reason, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous IETF. I had explained the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me in advance itself that it's not possible for you to make that decision? Unfortunately, I... basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last minute travel. Because even last minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me, are going to want to come to IETF. I'm being bringing work consistently to IETF. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the Global South can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF, when they learned of a similar situation, actually did move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So let me take that question, Miriam, because this isn't an LLC matter. This is the IETF Chair matter. So, yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. You're exactly right. The IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers. And the published approach for the things giving out by the IETF Chair is one month out, and that's largely historically been done to... To use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long term kind of sustainment and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF is run. So there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for why those fee waivers are handed out. But your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long term visa, have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges. So it may take time for that paperwork to be processed. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And I won't commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches. One, to continue doing it as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage to do an early tranche of approvals because I am starting to get them. But I'm also going to take that feedback and look at the specific guidance that we have created around that. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at the specific guidance that we have created around that. But I'm already making ASHETnos with Monday's questions. Or I'm just Não for Monday's questions. And in terms of cash flow, is it going to be related to cap replacement or to cash flow for then currency exchange, those sort of things? And I know this is hopefully going to make more sense within the talks behind the scenes, but it has to play a lot higher. And if restaurants are still expecting to have cash flow transfers in terms of exchange commissions the product law. How are we going to approach that kind of planning when we do that? Are we going to have tosten those up and down, finance it or stop it. And if we cannot get all the tail farms of our funds out to the public, is there a way that we can almost get it done recorded? Do you have a idea? Do you have a project plan? Can you communicate anything about why that is? Are there major sticking points? No. We can't explain anything about it at all. So no to the first part, but not to the second. More no to the first one and no to the second one. So there aren't any sticking points? Sorry? There are no... Everything is continuing smoothly. These things just take some time. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Jay. Next up is Andrew. Hi, good morning, hopefully... Good evening, rather. Hopefully you can hear me. I just want to say I was in the ICANN meeting in Mumbai last week, which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue. ICANN's agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITF's. Yet from my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge the community to consider India as a future venue. I think it'd be excellent for us to go there. And ICANN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. And Pete? Hi. In the past couple of weeks, actually, once on mailing lists and once today, in the... Working Group Chair session, Jay has made some comments, which at least are interpretable as the IETF LLC is the IETF. For some of us old crusty folks, that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That the SDO is completely independent of the LLC, is sort of part of the charter of the LLC, that there should be no way to... influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the IETF, as far as I know, the IETF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper, or if I'm missing something. Yeah, thanks for bringing this up, Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there is any confusion. I don't know, Jay, if you want to comment on that, but I don't think we would say the LLC equals the IETF, no. Yeah, so to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the IETF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the IETF LLC is constructed to at times be the LLC, sorry, to at times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the IETF, then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up, and it will not be on behalf of those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the IETF LLC. This is a construct. The we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The IETF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role. And at times in that role, it has to be the IETF. The other one I gave you example was the trading name, that the IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF of things. Okay, so what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is, actually quite a complex situation. And to say that that nuance view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem I have is if the IETF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason, I believe the LLC would, go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC, the IETF. The IETF, the SDO is those 7,000 individuals. Now I don't know how a court deals with that problem, but at least within the community, there's gotta be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF, the SDO. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And if for purposes of contracting and other things a DBA does not bother me if the IETF, LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and, say, it is doing business as the IETF, whatever. That's a business relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO I think is important. And, I. think talking about the llc as the ietf within this community is actually making a mistake well thanks for pointing this out pete um well i yeah i don't know how to respond to this at this stage i wasn't in there and when the comments were made but um but yeah we'll discuss this um and how to make sure to not come across as confusing apparently thanks um hi thanks um my comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with um with the visas in our particular case we had two students from india who were scheduled to come here as fellows and unfortunately we just got their approval two days too late corresponding to their to their families and so we're going to be able to get them to come here and we're going to be able to get them to come here and we're going to be able to get them to come here and flights uh that's nobody's fault i mean it's just the way it goes i was only wondering if um when the venue was analyzed whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how we apply to visa so what we discovered that we ourselves that's our fault we did not pay attention to the chinese new year was right in the middle and so for 10 12 days the embassy was closed in delhi and that just delayed the whole thing what would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and decent time to get the visas done because of that closure it became the main problem so i'm just wondering if that was ever um a part of the thinking process and if not would it be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into um on the way of the planning process so i think that's a good point um i think that's a good point um i think that's a good point um i think that's a good point um yeah thanks john i'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist in the for the meeting when you're planning but um it's a good point we could um it's probably not always going to be possible you know to to add this into the planning cycle um but it's definitely something we can take into account all right thank you um who's next eric hi um so there was quite a bit of discussion prior to the meeting about the venue of this venue in light of those facts well i can point you to um roman's involved everything in the in the inventory i also wanted to speak about the phone the phone he, the phone i'm I mean, so I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean, there are a lot of people on site, especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems to have worked out well. I don't know if there are any other comments from other board members. Since the ISG was kind of mentioned kind of speaking from that. Yeah, there definitely is not the full complement of the ISG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel and participate in different venues is kind of contingent on said approval and a number of parties, at least on the ISG, I won't speak for the other leadership bodies, were not kind of approved. And this is what that turnout kind of looks like. So we're waiting. From the ISG side, at least, we are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on, you know, what was the experience of kind of all the participants. In particular, we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey. So we are going to have some after, you know, as an after action, some perspective on what those experiences are. From the very kind of quick looks we had, participation may also be uneven, kind of across areas. So it's not really that much remote and is on site, but it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see any on the stage. Next, Rahul again. Yeah. So building on my question as well as Jean-Francois' question, is there any long-term consideration by IETF on the venue based on visa requirements? Because just for example, here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. And I understand that the hosts would have some considerations, but in general, in the long term, and again, Bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were very limited. So, you know, we don't have a lot of time to talk about that. So I think that there is a lot of time to talk about that. And I think that, again, this is a very important question. And I think that, again, this is a very important question. Because visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah. Matthew, you already hinted. I mean, we are also dependent on the host to a certain extent and, you know, finding venues, et cetera. And also, I think what we've explained earlier in our similar discussions is that it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the pain, if you will, and make it easier for people. And I think that, again, this is a very important question. And I think that, again, this is a very important question. I think that, again, this is a very important question. But I think that, as we are moving forward with the pandemic, I think that this is what we need to do. people who have difficulties getting visas go to other countries. So in this case, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate, and so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people gets hit by difficulties each time. But yeah, I hear you. It's difficult to find the perfect venue in that respect. No other comments from our side, I think, on that. No. Yes. Hi, Miriam. Strange to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment, but I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the no visa, and all of that was extremely good, and frankly speaking, it's delightful. My first time in Shenzhen, I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that, and we are going to see what happens in November. I'm really curious, but we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous path for the IETF to continue in this direction. So that's one comment. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work, and I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on Pete's comments. I think Pete makes a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides, and we should be very clear on the demarcation that he mentioned. Thank you. Thanks, Arnaud. Jason. Hi, Jason. Living good. This is in response to Pete's question. Now, I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because I wasn't in any of those meetings when I heard things say, but I would encourage people to reread RFC 8711. Pretty straightforward. And Section 43, the LLC is established to provide administrative support to the ITF, has no authority over the standards development activities of the ITF, and it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting, fundraising, like fundraisers and so on, compliance, and its legal home. So it was the case way back before the IASA II activity that the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established that there would be a separation between the standards development activities, which are independent and operated by like the ISG and so on and so forth. And then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear, but I'm not clear on whatever the questions were. Might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion. And happy to help because unfortunately, I think I might have been involved in some. Yes. Thanks, Jason. Thanks for clarifying this. And yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that RFC. Are there any comments from any of us on stage? No, seeing none. Next up is Vittorio. Hi, Vittorio Bertola. I didn't plan to come to the mic, but I did want to offer a different perspective to what Eko said. I think that having and also to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing, even if it means that many regulars are remote. Actually, I think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the ITF, all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places. It is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting to come at least one time in person and discover this world. And maybe they will continue. And it is up to us, not up as many regulars. I don't know if I'm a regular by now, not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contributors and to a certain extent. It was in multiple sessions. I saw drafts represented by newcomers being met with their usual, unfortunately, attitude by ITF regulars. I mean, condescending or outright hostility or just go away. So I know the ITF has been putting effort in changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there and this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So in the end, yes, it's also said honestly that there are so many members of the leadership here. I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here. But the fact that we had the largest meeting of the ITF ever and possibly the meeting with so little, maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever is something we have to think about. I think I'm sure that all of you made all the possible efforts to be here in person, but still the result is not satisfactory. Maybe. Thanks for your comments, Vittorio. Rohan. I support the fact that we came to China and several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in San Francisco, and there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks. It's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go. We need to just suck it up. Okay? Just let the process run. We need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here and not beat up everyone, unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go that is going to meet all of the requirements and is going to allow this regular change of venue so that things are convenient. Because it's an airport. So, the airport is a little different, but we're going to be able to do this for different people in different continents. We just need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for that comment. Roberta? Hey, folks. I have, I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to the United States, because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in the United States, united states you can be you can be retained over there i wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have like a some kind of uh support for people that are going over there that are afraid because it's for any reason why right i used to be an ethical hacker so i got some person of interest at least going on so i wanted to ask uh do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the united states and what are you planning as the country is on war right now right so how is going to be the support for attendees yeah um thanks for for bringing this up i know people are are concerned we discussed this before um and you know similar to this meeting i i believe it's for everybody's individual to you know decide um you know what the risks are and if you can make it or not i don't i'm not aware jay i don't know if you want to comment on that and if you can provide any legal support for individuals i don't think we've done that in the past at least roberta no unfortunately that that's not something we can do um i think it's um too expensive the liability is unlimited it really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves uh my my biggest concern is that uh you know during the visa process might be everything okay and then we arrive over there and i have some instances of friends that have been you know detained and sometimes it's not you know just to go back home is uh to answer over there uh it's more if we risk it the organization might at least know that we are there you know but thank you we are um effectively a business conference in terms of visas and if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose not coming sorry coming to the us for that purpose not going to work or anything like that then you know there are very in fact i'm not aware of any instances where somebody is going to be detained and they're not going to be detained and they're not going to be detained and they're not going to be detained and they're not going to be detained and they're not going to be detained and they're not going to be detained for somebody going through that process that has been detained all of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country not you know people coming to this sort of thing i i thank you for the comment but actually i have some instances because of you know devcon and everything that has happened outside of this i'm really sorry but thank you thank you for for the position thank you bitcoin just a quick pull on from what anon said i found this to be a great venue everything's worked really nicely people have been great yes it was annoying to have to get a visa but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries so you know we have a lot of people participants from china this i think is the right thing to do and good on us p thanks for Martin. Hey. So I'm not sure that the LLC board has really listened to the community when it comes to either China or the US. And I would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with as one of the factors in making a decision. And I think that those people who have suggested otherwise are denying reality to some extent. So I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard. And think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. People are looking to continue participation. You know, the 400-ish people who turned up in person this time. If those people continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point. But yeah, I don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that. Nope. Then. Hi there. Is my media working now? Yes. That's an excellent prelude to what I'm about to say. So I want to push back on Arnaud's point that this is about geopolitics. I actually come to the opposite conclusion of Martin about politics being important. I think that the IESG and the LLC were correct in their discussion with the community about this leading up to the selection that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right lodestar to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time as geopolitics intrudes on our work more and more. I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world. The regulatory impositions we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique. And if you look at it in global context, it's not just the global context. So I would encourage the IESG and the LLC to take a careful and close look in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced and to take that into account as you look at future venue selections, whether the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective with the venues we select. Yeah, thanks for the suggestion, Richard. We're definitely doing that. Like with any other venue that we're going to things. So, Miriam, if I might on that particular kind of topic, Richard, you highlight kind of a good point, which is that about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges and is there after any meeting a learning experience on, you know, is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future? So I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria, to come to Gen Dispatch tomorrow. We have a draft being presented on the topic of network requirements. And if we if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network, kind of for the meeting, this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like. So please come to that discussion. The LLC, I think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus, the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria. And thanks for the plug for my question. I'm sorry, I'm sorry for my draft. I wanted to flag that a bit more broadly, though, for for the IESG and LLC. Right. The question was posed to the LLC and to the IESG. Will this meeting be effective? Right. There was a proactive prediction that you guys were asked to make. And so I think as you're having board meetings, IESG retreats, things like that, I think it would be useful for you. These are bodies in internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turn out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future. Yeah, thanks for that addition. Tony. Hi, Tony Lee. I'm an American. The way the United States government is operating right now, the ITF cannot protect anyone. The government is running around basically bands of thugs and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable. We've seen them detain citizens. We've seen them detain people who were legally there. There's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the US. So it's not going to be a problem. So I think that's going to be a big issue. Thanks, Tony. Yeah, I don't comment on this stage. Thanks for this piece of information. Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. Then I see one more. Benjamin. So as a new participant in meetings with the IETF, the one thing that I have learned is, at least from many of you, is that work at the IETF happens on the mailing list. So to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting. And there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this venue choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks, Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. A little over time. So I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great evening there. Be there in person. Miriam, before we sign off, Jay, do you want to repeat the social focused activity kind of tonight with the light show? Yes. That you sent out to the community? This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CNNIC and Huawei. So this will be starting at 8pm for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city centre as a welcome to the IETF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the Civic Centre where there will be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock. It's about 10.50pm. 15 minutes walk. You should see you all there. Jay. Is there another question? I guess not. Microphone is off. So. By the way, enjoy. We have provided a lot of like social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take anyone. Did you forget to sign off on that fact tree in your book. Do not leave the chat for heaven's sake. Thanks everyone for joining us tonight, uh, Kevin. A single time. Sorry about that. You are muted. For安全? Hi, I'm Kevin. Peter. Thank you. Thank you.