Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Liza, we're going to try to do some來os with the IETF dust. Liza, if you could reflect on the IETF process for us. I wanna ask you guys at this point about your discussions about anti- lading policy over huge amounts of money in your funds. meeting the order is going to be the IAB, the IASG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide please. So before we get started I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site like the Secretariat, the MeetEcho team, the NOC team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that push the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments you know as quickly kind of as possible so we arrive at the meeting we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Thank you. Well thank you for that. So next I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Cai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Thank you. Hello everyone. I am the Honorable Chairman of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration, Mr. Roman Daniliev, and the Deputy Director, ladies and gentlemen, and friends, good afternoon. Today, I am here with the expert from Shenzhen, a global technology expert, to share with you the great work of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the field of the Internet and the Internet technology. I am very honored to be here with Mr. Roman Daniliev, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration. First, I would like to thank the guests and friends who have come from afar, and to congratulate you for the successful opening of the conference. I would also like to thank the friends and colleagues who have been concerned and supporting the development of the Chinese Internet for a long time and to say thank you to you. Thank you. Thank you. As an internationally influential organization in the field of Internet, since the establishment of IETF, we have made irreplaceable contributions in the core agreement, structural and technical standards of the Internet, and other aspects, and we have set a solid technical foundation for the prosperous development of the Internet around the world. We express our high praise for this. The Chinese Internet, which has been a key partner for open, inclusive, and collaborative cooperation, has been a key partner for open, inclusive, and collaborative cooperation in the field of technology, and has been a key partner for deepening international exchanges and actively participating in the establishment of international technical standards, and for the integration and communication of the Internet infrastructure, and for the development of a peaceful, safe, open, and collaborative Internet space, which will contribute to the maintenance of the global Internet, which is the key to the development of the Internet. At present, the new technology in the field of Internet is in the process of being developed, and the technology such as artificial intelligence and other technologies are deeply integrated into the Internet, bringing opportunities for development and new challenges. We look forward to the opportunity to discuss the advanced technology and innovative ideas of the Internet in depth with the IETF, and we also look forward to the IETF to promote more and more innovative technologies and technologies for the development of the Internet. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of Ciennik. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen for us here. We have a small token of gratitude. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right. Thank you. All right. So next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here or additional facts and kind of figures and summaries since we last met, please do click on that link that says full report, and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen. And I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've got gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. There's a number of people here in Shenzhen that are currently working on the project. And I'm going to kind of give you a little bit of background on the work that we're doing. I'm going to give you a little bit of background on the work that we're doing. I'm going to go ahead and show you a little bit of the work that we're doing. And then I'll give you a little bit of the video. But first of all, I want to say thank you to all of our partners today, and thank you to all of our partners today. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've got gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So phenomenal to see the community to come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on-site is within the bands that we've had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement of the early staff meeting was that we were able to get articles that were fully on site. The data that I'm going to simply provide live, I can't talk about where it sits in the study that we can forecast it and how it will be screened with next quarter. So if when you're starting a new school within this year and you're meeting those students with civil estate problems, if you're notows unable to go out to those students why not move to these schools? Well, we're going to keep an infrastructure to say that we're here and part of the team. the internet uh please join a mailing list uh you know please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes and we hope that maybe we'll also see you in vienna or perhaps in san francisco the future venues we have for our meetings next slide please unsurprisingly we have participation from around the world and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here and also equally unsurprising uh we have a very very robust participation from china given that we are here next slide please since we last got together the iesg has issued no statements and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements is was related to an appointment to the ietf trust and to the ipmc so first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to sean turner who has been selected and we really appreciate your willingness to serve sean uh we also did an announcement uh for calling for volunteers for bcp 245 moderators and i'm going to just talk about that a little bit later next slide please uh we continue to process appeals uh we received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them you can see from the historical from the chart on the historical appeal volumes how long this issues had been otherwise we carried out a one-on-one commission planning lens on some of the internalthank you for working here encouraging aicsabie to support the applications of politics and agencies to feed and lead the widespread birth of our youth we can now travel the world and we will execute any administrative directive we haveorduance have our respective programs which we can all take with us and help to build a project that will be going forward and we want to fight for the future healthcare as we're working towards those batteries creates every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and code points are specified here in IETF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS working group. If you aspire to tailor, to change, or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the PROCON working group, the process document and consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I'd talk more about, the ModPod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary... ..., which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF. This was recently approved. To realize that and to implement that process, that first step is the IESG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be write those procedures and then, of course, execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community if... We are on a call to the community to say that we are going to do a lot of work on the IETF community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the ISG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well, and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053, and they're being actively discussed on the architecture. It appears we've lost Roman. If you could please stand. Stand by for one minute. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised, and so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your age group, the ADs, are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel, and this enables them to be here to serve the community, and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with, with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the Director of Meeting Operations and Sponsorships, but she will be unfortunately exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those. And that, that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world in an interoperable kind of fashion, and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have, but she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the Meeting Ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie, and honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you. Thank you so much. And, you know, best of luck with your, with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the panel. Thank you. So next slide, please. I now turn it over to Drew Doty, who congratulations is the new chair of the IAB. Thank you. Hello, everyone. I'm Drew Doty. I'm the incoming IAB chair. Next slide, please. Perfect. Yes. So we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this, we will keep it short and sweet. We did. We did a lot of work on the IAB and workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out. Those videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data track up. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the IAB. We were also at the APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this IAB meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen, as well as Robin was at this plus 20 high level UN meeting where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals. We responded to three appeals. Since the last, I have meeting and with that, let me pass it on to Doug, who will talk about IRTF. Thank you, Drew. Hello, I'm the coach. I'm the IRTF chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So as I have to, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach training and so on. And so at this meeting, I have received really great support. I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young tenant program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. There has been a, a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here, not only this meeting, but also previously. And it is a program in Brazil that bought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And I could then, but then maybe please stand up so that we can see you all. Welcome to the IETF. So they come all this way to engage with us, to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And I really hope this will be worthwhile. Okay. So in the IETF, we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are, are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by Crypto Forum, RASP RG and Network Management RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. Then we have the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. That's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee, support high quality research and also get new ideas, new people in. And ANW, the workshop is kindly supported by ACM SICCOM and Akamai. And we do this yearly at our summer IETF meeting. So next one will be in Vienna, IETF 26. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, April, and NBC Universal. And quite often we get, you know, really, really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite current at the moment in the IETF. And so just today in IETF Open, we had two ANRP winners. So we had Tianyi Gao, and he was awarded for his work on transport-level encryption for data-hunter networks, and Xiangjie Huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high-quality real-time communication. Congratulations. So this week we actually had two IETF Open meetings, so one just before, and on Tuesday we had one that was dedicated to... on discussing internet working research challenges for AI. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic, so we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IETF in this field. So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges. There's a lot of working in academia and, you know, conference and so on. We want to figure out, okay, how can we make this useful for our data centers? So we wanted to figure out, okay, how can we make this useful for our data centers? So we wanted to figure out, okay, how can we make this useful for our data centers? So we invited two really great presentations on different aspects and had good discussion on potential topics. So what we identified so far was, you know, testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments, like the broader distributed system and protocol design for distributed learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming out and, you know, new... new abstractions for, like, collective communications and so on, but also more principled approaches towards agent communication. You know, also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the this morning. But so the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of, you know, naming, identity, trust delegation, and also group communication. And, yeah, finally, we also... we have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google, and Netflix. And, yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from Asia, really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested or if you know somebody who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. of this cycle. Lou Wgenstrom takes a chance to speak up for us in different sectors. I actually think here's a little bit older place, Katherine cup. Katherine�uss says she won't speak today 거죠 one of my. in the Tokyo remote up so people in Tokyo thank him also and here are the the non-voting members the liaisons and my advisor Dejan good but that's not it's not about us it's about selection for this year so we're very happy with the current selection so we had one can one selection for the LLC board one for the trust I T of trust and IPMC six selection candidates selected candidates for the IB a two-term period and for this year the IGF chair and for the six areas candidates in the sign for the for a period of two years so I like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term we're very happy with that and we're very happy with the results of thevell maxv the last few weeks and it was really fun in terms of pronunciation of how that products or anything something that really sets us up for next years together so these more businesses because I think as Bristol was the archivatical center to start and something that the NOMCOM was very aware of, also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations. Some highlights here are, well, not a highlight per se, there's no gender diversity improvement this cycle. So we're aware of that, we're conscious of that, but of course we try to improve every year, but this is an observation here. We improved on regional diversity, that's a good thing. So different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. So there's a constant improvement here and we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline, young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. And we also hear that from the community. In every review, all the reviews we receive, thank you ITF community for your reviews, for your feedback on the community. On the nominees, it's important and stressed, think about new generation, about the next generation leadership. So with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the NOMCOM members always ask about thinking about your succession. And luckily, most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for, or nominees actually, for the next NOMCOM cycle. And of course, it's up to the NOMCOM in one, two, three, four years to select the nominee, but it's good that we have nominees to select from. So thanks. Yeah, as I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place, but we can always do better. So it's a constant process. Another thing is, well, lessons learned. The first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before. It's a good document, our RFC 8713, but they're in practical situations. It doesn't say anything about, well, new situations or things we haven't thought of. So, well, there's one thing mentioned, the chair can with the NOMCOM always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process an unaccepted or not expected situation. So it works. As in the same bullet point here, the NOMCOM process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. And that works also, but, and that's now a new point. I want to work on at least some basic documentation, how the things work. Some steps, basic steps, at least how to proceed through the NOMCOM as a chair. And that could also help. With the help of, well, kind of delegating tasks to the secretary, because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary. So it's good to have some documentation and mostly the practical stuff. That's, yeah. And also for myself, at least, during the deliberations, I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just to be a simple process, but I was counting the yes and no's for simple, but yes, maybe no. That becomes more difficult. And then you have all kinds of rankings. So I think for the next year, it's good to have this a little bit automated so it can focus on the process and on the discussions and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes. So finally. Yeah. Some words of thanks. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the NOMCOM chair for this cycle. It was very. I learned a lot and was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Also, the ITF community was very supportive. In the beginning, I made some mistakes. And as you are, you directly send me an email that I made a mistake, but it was always supportive. People help me out. So thank you. Also, the NOMCOM voting members were very, very dedicated. So it was a great team. I mentioned that already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chairs, advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice. It's almost I get an award for the Oscar Academy Awards with all the thank yous. Good. Before I leave the stage, I want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the NOMCOM. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also you learn a lot of things about the ITF process. And I think it's very important. And I think it's very important to talk about the ITF process, about the people in the ITF and its processes. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to take a moment to serve Congressman grouping of comments. So first of all, there's a'll be a submitters Chris say again. So listen, thank you for all the wonderful questions. I absolutely appreciate other comments and questions. Going to take a moment for weers title, where I I here with us to have a lighter round of NOMCOMs do what they do, and the IESG does what it does, and they both appoint people to the ITF Trust and the IPMC Board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burden, who has served us as an IESG appointee. Kristen was really helpful. She's a lawyer by training. Very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing during the ITF IPMC creation and setup. So thank you very much, Kristen, for your service to the ITF Trust and the IPMC. Then there's this guy. He's been around for quite a while, and one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term-limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term-limited. We like people to stick around the ITF Trust to build up institutional knowledge. And be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever. And this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say, if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants. And I learned so much by being a part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it this coming year when the NOMCOM is appointing another person. So thank you for letting me be in that role. I've really enjoyed it. . . . So we have a new set of directors for the ITF IPMC. A couple of them are characters. A couple of them are carrying over. But we've got two new ones. Lars Egret is coming in. As is Sean Turner. And we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers. So I'd like to announce that Wendy Seltzer has taken on the role of IPMC president. Sean Turner, who I think is in the Tokyo remote, is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer, which Wendy has vacated. . And Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary. . Likewise, the ITF trust is in the final throes, but we still needed some people around to close up shop. And so the decision was made that the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be Wendy. So thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. . . . . . . . . All right, so that's the in and the out stuff. Let's talk about what we've been doing. So we like to give a report. And usually these numbers are zero because, you know, trust is set up to be very boring. And when everything is perfect, it is very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN1 module from RFC 9881. So there we got one. The other good news, though, is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good if you deal in intellectual property assets. So here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who have been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal and now. We had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So this formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC operates under. And that was it for a 60-day review. All of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. This one's big. We've been working for a couple years now to get this. This is the transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the IETF intellectual property assets from the IETF Trust into the IPMC Corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP except for patents. The IPMC does not do patents for the IETF. And that is a major milestone. So hold your applause for that one because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major moment. It's something we've been working to for years. And I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet, though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function, is still in process because we need some signatures. There's agreements that establish the role of the IETF Trust with relation to the IANA. And there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things. The transfer of those agreements from the IETF Trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I no longer was the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures on, sign the document so we can get that thing done. And some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation. Because if you look at the ITF documentation, it's the other word, ITF Trust, all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF, ITMC as the successor to that. So that draft's out there and is active. It's all about URL for the IPR, WG email list. And finally, the trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions, so we can keep that same acronym, are being updated to essentially update the text in there. So that's the first thing. The second thing is that the ITF is now the party holding the assets to the ITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. Same terms, if your lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though. Since that document was first written, version 5, the editorial stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. The third thing is the independent stream. There's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there'll be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And they'll be published for comment for a 30-day period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristin. But I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF Trust. It's served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank. And it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over, and it does its final tax filings, it's done. So I really did want to have a hand for the ITF Trust. Because it has made this, what is the ITF functional? And it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as ITF Trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do. So it's, which is good. Because it means they didn't get sued. Because no drama, no excitement. But anyways, for the ITF Trust and for all the people who volunteer, can I please have a round of applause. And that is how to contact the ITMC and get more stuff. George. Don't leave the stage. So Glenn, thank you for your many years of service. And allow me to present you with this plaque. . .