Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. So we're going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF trust. And after that is going to be the IETF administration LLC report, and we always have time at the end forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. This year this time. we're meeting the order is going to be the IAB the IASG and then the IETF LLC. Next slide please. So before we get started I wanted to you know give a whole a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site like the Secretariat, the Meet ECHO team, the NOC team and all the LSA staff but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that pushed the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments you know as quickly kind of as possible so we arrive at the meeting we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution please join me in welcoming them. Well thank you for that. So next I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Kai the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for so for a welcome and a greeting for us here. It's an honor to have a specially唉ction beim Push booing Daniel levels to be get any little room you want to joints uh-oh uh-oh need a Inky있는 along<|sn|> are you going? Um 嗯 OK to attend the 125th IETF Conference. I am very honored. First, on behalf of the Information Management Department and the Information and Communications Management Bureau, I would like to extend my warmest congratulations to all the guests and friends who have come from afar, and to all the friends who have come from afar, and to all the friends and friends who have come from afar, and to all the friends and friends who have come from afar. As an international organization with great influence on the Internet, IETF, since its founding, has made irreplaceable contributions in identifying Islet TaiwanIsleta s key concepts of R and designate technical standards for the code set. and designate technological standards for the code set. . China has Mosage China has Mosage China has Mosage China has Mosage and the spirit of co-sufficiency, to adhere to open and cooperative technology, to support the international exchange of Internet technology communities, to actively participate in the establishment of international technology standards, to connect and communicate with network infrastructure, to promote the construction of a peaceful, safe, open and cooperative network space, to contribute to the maintenance of the global Internet, which can be continuously expanded and innovated. At present, new technologies in the field of Internet are in full swing. Artificial intelligence and other technologies are deeply integrated with Internet, bringing opportunities for development and new challenges. We look forward to the opportunity of this conference to discuss the innovative ideas and technologies of Internet advanced technology, and we look forward to the opportunity of this conference to promote the cooperation results of more and more companies and companies, to contribute to the development of high-quality Internet industries around the world, to help us to work together to open up innovation, to build a common network space and destiny community, to make digital civilization better for the global people. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and pleasant work and life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of Ciennic. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. I righted Mr. Xian in reaching agreement on the American Union on the New Enterprise案실생 750 more 100 international advertising source.Momentum ان вм singularity 있다っ Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right. So, next slide. the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports i am first from the perspective of the isg i tried to slim down the content we had here i have a much more robust report please take a if you're interested in more details for for what i'm going to talk about here or additional facts and kind of figures and summary since we last met please do click on that link that says full report and you'll see there's additional information it's been updated a few times since it was initially issued so next slide please and actually if you could just jump one more slide as well uh we have had a very robust meeting here in in shenzhen and i wanted to put this all in kind of context we are we are assembling as the largest group uh on site and that we've got gathered in at least two years maybe a little more in the historical figures uh this is the largest meeting we've had in asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count so you know phenomenal to see the community to come together you'll see that the distribution of remote and on-site is within the bands that we've had in historical in historical meetings i think the one piece of excitement that i of the of the early stats that i saw coming in is that if you look if you look around uh you know you're sitting to your seat to your left or two people and you know one other person to your right one of those people is new to the itf unless you are new to the itf you're going to be the first person to be able to get into the itf unless you are new to the itf unless you are new to the itf unless you are uh so one quarter of almost one quarter of participants here at the itf have never been to a meeting before and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community uh if you are one of those newcomers to the itf all i can say is welcome we're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the internet uh please join a mailing list uh you know please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes and we hope that maybe we'll also see you in vienna or perhaps in san francisco the future venues we have for our meetings next slide please unsurprisingly we have participation from around the world and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here and also equally unsurprising uh we have a very very robust participation from china given that we are here next slide please since we last got together the iesg has issued no statements and the majority of the of what we focused on in our announcements is was related to an appointment to the itf trust and to the ipmc so first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to sean turner who has been selected and we really appreciate your willingness to serve sean uh we also did an announcement uh for calling for volunteers for bcp 245 moderators and i'm going to just talk about that a little bit later next slide please uh we continue to process appeals uh we received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them you can see from the historical from the chart on historical appeal volumes that 2025 was uh was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years next slide please i just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area primarily because everything that happens in gen affects each and every one of you in the room because the processes defined in gen impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream to showcase if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and code points are specified here in IETF documents please join us in the IANA-BIS working group if you aspire to to tailor to change or to evolve how we run the standards process how working groups operate please join us in the Procon working group the process document and consolidations if you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF please join the IPR-W working group uh actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IETF process and I will be able to provide you with the information that you need to get the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378 to to return back to that one announcement that I said I talked more about the Mod Pod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary their primary artifact which was RFC 9945 which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF this was recently approved we dished out about 150もの of solution время 37.8 and 32 res fee from previously worked not you, we welcome that feedback as well, and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the architecture side. So we'll work that out in part. Tamara, do you want to take this clip or is there a notice that you want to give here to, to have a Peter? That is absolutely welcome. Would you like to go now, repentance. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel. And this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the director of meeting operations. She's the director of the ADs and sponsorships. But she will be, unfortunately, exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those. And that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world, in an interoperable way. And to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie. And honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you. Thank you so much. And you know, best of luck with your, with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the community. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So next slide, please. I now turn it over to Dhruv Dhodi, who congratulations is the new chair of the IAB. Hello everyone. I'm Dhruv Dhodi. I'm the incoming IAB chair. And I'm going to be talking about the IAB's new chair, the IAB's new chair, the IAB's new chair. I'm going to be talking about the IAB's new chair, the IAB's new chair. I'm going to be talking about the IAB's new chair. I'm going to be talking about the IAB's new chair. Next slide, please. Perfect. Yes. So we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this, we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out. And we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out. We have a lot of videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data tracker. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the APRICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen. As well as, Robin was at WSIS plus 20 high-level UN meeting, where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk, who will talk about IRTF. DIRK TANIH. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Drew. Hello, I'm Dirk Kutscher. I am the IRTF chair. So before I give you my updates, I would like to say a few words. As IRTF chair, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training, and so on. And so, I think it's important to take a look at how we are doing and how we are doing in the field. I think the first thing that we need to do is to be able to take a look at how we're doing, what we're doing in the field. We are doing a lot of research and we are doing a lot of research. So that is what we're doing. actually I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training and so on. And so at this meeting, I have received really great support. I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young tenant program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different universities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here, not only this meeting, but also previously. And there is a program in Brazil that brought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And could the Brazilians, maybe please stand up so that we can see you all. Welcome to the IETF. So they come all this way to engage with us, to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And I really hope this will be worthwhile. Okay, so in the IRTF, we have, you know, we have a lot of opportunities. We have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by Crypto Forum, RASP-RG and Network Management-RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. Then we have the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. That's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our, the community in the research committee, support high quality research, and also get new ideas, new people in. And ANW, the workshop is kindly supported by ACM SICOM and Akamai. And we do this yearly at our summer IETF meeting. So next one will be in Vienna, IETF 26. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. The Applied Networking Research Prize recognizes the best results in applied networking from like last year. So what we do is we nominate like top contributions in the field of applied networking. And then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones. And this is supported by ISOC, Comcast and NBC Universal. And quite often we get, you know, really, really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite current at the moment in the IETF. And so just today in IETF open, we had two ANWP winners. So we had Tianyi Gao, and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks and Xiangjie Huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high quality real-time communication. Congratulations. So this week we actually had two IETF open meetings. So one just before, and on Tuesday we had one, and one that was dedicated on discussing internet working research challenges for AI. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic. So we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IETF in this field. So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges, and there's a lot of working on in academia and in our conference and so on, we want to figure out, okay, how can we make this useful for our larger community? So we invited two really great presentations on different aspects and had good discussion and on potential topics. So what we identified so far was, you know, test beds and data sets for reproducible experiments, like a bit broader distributed system and protocol design for this with learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming up, and we're looking at, you know, new abstractions for like collective communications and so on, but also more principled approaches towards agent communication. You know, also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the buff this morning. But so the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of, you know, naming, identity, trust delegation, and also group communication. And yeah, finally, we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google, and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from Asia. Really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested or if you know somebody who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. So this is my last report as the ITF nom com chair for this cycle. These were the people of the nom com 25, 26 cycle. The voting members, some of them are here. So please thank them. If you see them in the hall, please thank them. And I think that's it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So welcome. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's great to be here already. I'm very happy to be here in this hallway. I've seen one of my non-com members in the Tokyo remote. So people in Tokyo, thank him also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Dejan. Good. But that's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So we're very happy with current selection. So we had one, can I? Can I? selection for the LLC board, one for the trust, ITF trust and IPMC, six selected candidates for the IAB, a two-term period, and for this year the ITF chair and for the six areas candidates and assigned for the period of two years. So I'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term, willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity, of course. That's something that's important to us, to our community and also to the NOMCOM. We got a day training this year, like last year. We had a lot of discussions about the NOMCOM, about unconscious bias, et cetera. So that's important. I think that's something that the NOMCOM was very aware of, also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations. Some highlights here are, well, not a highlight per se. There's no gender diversity improvement this cycle. So we're aware of that. We're conscious of that. But of course, we try to improve. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's important. We try to improve every year. But this is an observation here. We improved our regional diversity. That's a good thing. So different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. So there's a constant improvement here and we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline. Young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. Thank you, ITF community, for your reviews, for your feedback on the nominees. It's important and stressed. Think about new generation, about the next generation leadership. So with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the NOMCOM members always ask about thinking about your succession. And luckily, most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for, or nominees actually, for the next NOMCOM cycle. And of course, it's up to the NOMCOM in one, two, three, four years to select the nominee. But it's good that we have nominees to select from. So thanks. Yeah, as I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place, but we can always do better. So it's important. It's a constant process. Another thing is, well, lessons learned. The first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before. It's a good document, our RFC 8713, but they're impractical situations. It doesn't say anything about, well, new situations or things we haven't thought of. So, well, there's one thing mentioned. The chair. And with the NOMCOM, always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process an, well, an accepted or a not expected situation. So it works. As in the same bullet point here, the NOMCOM process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. And that works also. And that's now a new point. I want to work on at least some basic documentation. How the things work. Some steps, basic steps at least. How to proceed through the NOMCOM as a chair. And that could also help with the help of, well, kind of delegating task to the secretary, because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary. So it's good to have some documentation and mostly the practical stuff. That's yeah. And also for myself at least. During the deliberations, I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just to be a simple process, but I was counting the yes and no so simple, but yes, maybe no, but it becomes more difficult. And then you have all kinds of rankings. So I think for the next year, it's good to have this little bit automated so it can focus on the process and on the discussions and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes. So finally. If you have any other questions, please feel free to ask them in the Q and A or in the Q and A, but I think we'll get to them in the Q and A. And I think we'll get to them in the Q and A. So I think we'll get to them in the Q and A. Yeah, some words of thanks. Yeah, some words of thanks. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the NOMCOM chair for this cycle. It was very, well, I learned a lot and it was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Also the ITF community was very supportive. In the beginning, I made some mistakes. And as you are, you directly send me an email that I made a mistake, but it was always supportive. People help me out. So thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Also the NOMCOM voting members were very, very dedicated. So it was a great team. I mentioned that already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chairs, advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice. It's almost I get an award for the Oscar Academy Awards with all the thank yous. Good. Before I leave the stage. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. So, that's the end of the presentation. I want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the NOMCOM. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also you learn a lot of things about the ITF process, about the people in the ITF and its processes. Thank you. Thank you. Ben is a little bit taller than I am. And I was on that NOMCOM. And I will echo. Please do the NOMCOM. It's a really great experience. You learn so much. And you meet some great people. Anyways, I'm Glen Dean. And I'm the outgoing chair of the IPMC Corporation and the ITF Trade Council. And I'm a member of NOMCOM. I'm the director of the ITF Trade Council. And the chair of the NOMCOM is my colleague, Ben. And Ben is a member of the ITF Trade Council. And I'm the director of the ITF Trade Council. And I'm the director of the ITF Trade Council. And I'm the chair of the ITF Trade Council. and the ITF Trust. This is our report to ITF 125. So, NOMCOMs do what they do, and the IASG does what it does, and they both appoint people to the ITF Trust and the IPMC Board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burden, who has served us as an IASG appointee. Kristen was really helpful as a lawyer by training, very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing doing the ITF IPMC creation and setup. So thank you very much for Kristen for your service to the ITF Trust and the IPMC. Then there's this guy. He's been around for quite a while, and one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term-limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term-limited. We like people to stick around the ITF Trust to build up an institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever. And this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for, and you can learn about it in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants, and I learned so much by being part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it this coming year when the NOMCOM is appointing another person. So thank you for letting me be in that role. I've really enjoyed it. So we have a new set of directors for the ITF IPMC. A couple of them are carrying over, but we've got two new ones. Lars Egret is coming in, as is Sean Turner. And we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers. So I'd like to announce that Wendy Seltzer has taken on the role of IPMC president. Sean Turner, who I think is in the Tokyo remote, is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer, which Wendy has vacated. And Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary. Likewise, the ITF trust is in the final throws, but we still needed some people around to close up shop. And so the decision was made that the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be, will be Wendy. So thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. All right. So that's the in and the out stuff. Let's talk about what we've been doing. So we like to give a report, and usually these numbers are zero, because, you know, trust is set up to be very boring, and when everything's perfect, it is very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get. And we have issued one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, and eight, and we've had one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN1 module from RFC 9881. So there we got one. The other good news though, is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we never, we didn't sue anybody, and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good if you deal in intellectual property assets. So here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring, from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who've been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal, and now we had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets. Back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So this formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC operates under. And that was all for a 60 day review. And all of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. This one's big. It's, we've been working for a couple of years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the ITF intellectual property assets from the ITF trust into the IPMC corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP, except for patents, the IPMC does not do patents, for the ITF. And that is a major milestone. So hold your applause for that one because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major, a major moment. We have something we've been working to for years and I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function is still in process because we are needing some signatures as agreements that establish the role of the ITF trust with relation to the IANA. And there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the ITF trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I no longer was the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on the behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who were waiting for signatures on, sign the documents so we can get that thing done. And some final things, Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF, and I think that's a great idea. I think that's a great idea. We have a draft out there to update the ITF's documentation because if you look at the ITF documentation, it's got the word ITF trust all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF, ITMC as the successor to that. So that draft's out there and it's active. I saw that URL for the IPR WG email list. And finally, the trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions so we can keep that same acronym are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the ITMC is now the party holding the assets to the ITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. We're same terms. If your lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though, since that draft or that document was first written, version five, the editorial stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just, that's sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there'll be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And they'll be published for comment for a 30 day period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. We've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristen, but I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF trust. It served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank, and it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over and it does its final tax filings, it's done. So I really did want to have a hand for the ITF trust. Because it has made this what is the ITF functional and it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as ITF trustees. This is an unpaid job, they're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do, which is good. good because it means they didn't get sued because no drama no excitement but anyways for the itf trust and for all the people volunteer can i please have a round of applause and that is how to contact the ipmc and get more stuff george don't leave the stage so glenn thank you for your many years of service and allow me to present you with this plaque you can't have it you can't have it um hello and welcome my name is jay daly i'm the itf executive director nice to see so many people in the room so this is the administrative report for the itf and i'll start by thanking our itf 125 host cn nick and our co-host xinhua university the internet society of china ccsa and the computer network information center of the chinese academy of sciences thank you very much i also want to thank very much huawei our special contributor and our social event sponsor those of you who came last night to the social event i'm sure we'll remember that that is the best social event we have had that was spectacular thank you and then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor zte to our local sponsor ap nick and our local supporters call mail thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you i also want to thank our ietf 125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion thank you very much to akamai and huawei and thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for itf 125 we have comcast and icann for diversity and inclusion we have a zte for zte we have a zte for sustainability i can and c and nick for running code and d nick and nominates for the open internet thank you all very much and then finally thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsors without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the itf with than we do currently thank you very much to all of you thank you very much to all of you thank you very much to all of you thank you very much to all of you thank you very much to all of you thank you very much to all of you thank you very much to all of you i should particularly like to note china mobile who and china unicom i should particularly like to note china mobile who and china unicom i should particularly like to note china mobile who and china unicom i should particularly like to note china mobile who and china unicom who have helped very much with this who and china unicom who have helped very much with this who and china unicom who have helped very much with this conference conference conference um we have staff on site helping us out um we have staff on site helping us out um we have staff on site helping us out with our wi-fi which is really going with our wi-fi which is really going with our wi-fi which is really going above and beyond thank you very much above and beyond thank you very much much of that. Every meeting it seems our logos get more and more desirable so once again I'm happy to tell you we you can get our our swag from the online store and we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting particularly for those people who go running such as our current ITF chair. So I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out. In building the IETF tools and in running the IETF NOC we rely on multiple people who give their time freely to help that work so thank you very much to all of those people. And Rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this but I think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here so we have the Secretariat, Mitako and the NOC. Thank you all very much for your work. So from the other side we have into all the negotiations Uni, IETF, Social Security and Inter輔u организations relationships and IETF, for IETF so I'm on-site clearly. I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers they are staffing the tools help desk, so please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them. We also have the RPC staff at IETF125. Allana, Alice and 이렇게 я вамыв fok tescho queste Sciencesline społec estãouse. Dancom Translatorcie.aO & ali at schoolical. chois flavours без civil-mod sewing nations- bolivian Columbia und da ich ćą wielka röste족. Sandia here. They are also staffing a desk, so if you have any questions about RPCs, sorry, RFCs or the editing process, please go and speak to them. And we have the full secretariat on site as well. So this is a simple diagram of the current structure there. So look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support, see them. If you need to want to speak about anything particular, then please speak to them as well. So finally, on the thanks, thank you to our global hosts. Our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the IETF and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need. Thank you very much. So IETF 126 Vienna. Registrations are open. This will be in July. We are expecting to come. We are just about to sign with the host for the meeting, so that's good news for us. And I hope very much to see as many as possible of you there. So looking forward to our meetings, we have Vienna coming up, and then after that, we have... We have IETF 127 in San Francisco. And since our last meeting, you will have seen that we have announced VeriSign as the host of that meeting. IETF 128 in Asia, we are still in the negotiations with. It generally takes us quite some time to negotiate Asian venues. They are more complicated. We often have to use convention centers, and us being a US company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationships. So we're looking forward to that. And then, of course, we have the IETF 127 in San Francisco. And since our last meeting, you will have seen that we have announced VeriSign and challenges with IETF 127 in San Francisco. And really big shock to them. So that's going ahead. Thanks again, guys. We certainly aim to announce that by Vienna, if possible. IETF 129 Europe, that was due to be signed. And then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day, so we are just trying to work through that, and then we'll be able to announce that hopefully quite shortly. IETF 130 has now been announced. That's the Hyatt Regency Vancouver that we've been back to a number of times. All right. times, and we are of course looking for a meeting host for that. IETF 131 in Asia, we have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues, and we are hoping to, and we are in the negotiations now about that, so that is moving forward. IETF 132 Europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out, and IETF 133 is not on here, North America, but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in South America for that. So that is where we currently are with our meetings booking. We are a little bit behind, but we have so many of them quite close that we will catch up quickly and then we will be a bit ahead, I think, by the end of this year on meeting bookings. So that is it from me. Thank you very much. Handing over to Mirjam. Thanks, Jay. I hope you can hear me and see me. My name is Mirjam Kuehne. I am the chair of the LLC board, that is more correct, and I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term studying at this meeting. I think Cindy is going to control my slides, so please go on to the next slide. Yes, this is the full board. You can see here Gonzalo and George are there with you in person. Roman is online. I am online here and Shona cannot join us for this meeting. But you are all watching. So next slide, please. Yeah, this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the end of year balance. I think Cindy is going to control my slides. So I am going to go through the numbers. You can do that in your own time. For transparency reasons, obviously, we put them here on the slide so they will be published. You see some notes there. So if you go to the next slide, you will see some explanations. More details can be found always in the financial statements that we publish every month and then also at the end of the year. Overall, one thing to note here is that there are some higher numbers as budgeted. So the positive variances there are mostly comprised. Of an additional endowment contributions, which always welcome ISOC matching funds. Also the annual contributions from ISOC and some unrealized gains from investments that we have there. So that's good news. So next slide, please. Just some items that the board is currently working on. We are still working on the secretariat contract. We tendering that's ongoing. We've published the. Yeah. The 2026 budget after consultation of the community consultations. So that's out on the website. As you've seen, we've piloted the remote room. We piloted this new feature with remote rooms for ITF meetings. And I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions. It seems to work really well. And so, well, thanks mostly to LLC staff and their Greg Wood, I think, took the lead for making this possible. And we're going to evaluate. Okay. So we're going to evaluate the experiences with this after the meeting and see how we can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual retreat in April, the board retreat. We're preparing for that to look at future planning for the strategy, risk register and other plans that we're doing on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here, but it's certainly also on our mind. And that is, you know, we're looking forward to the next five months. So I think that's going to be a great opportunity to actually have a meeting, a meeting network and the meeting locations. And I really I want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists, specifically also on meeting networks and we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed tomorrow, I believe, in GEN dispatch. And then I will see where that goes after that. And so, yeah, please watch that space and contribute to that work. Okay. Next slide, please. You can also contribute to our work by participating in our board meetings. We have a monthly board meeting. Here are the dates. They are also on the website. And Michelle, our secretary, she always sends out announcements for the board meetings. So they're open to observers, at least like, you know, partially part of the meetings. We also have some closed sessions with staff and Jay. But yes, please join us for these board meetings. If you have any questions. Or contributions to our work. Next slide, please. I think that's about it. Yes, you can find a lot more information on the website from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements. And also here are a number of mailing address, mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. Admin discusses our generic kind of administrative mailing list where most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye. That's it for now. Thank you for listening. Thank you for being here. Thank you for spending time today. Thank you for leading us through the hour. We hope this webinar was helpful and has given you a Overwatch chat experience. And we have returning questions for hacker analysts, cards and laundry searches. No questions? No, thanks. Alright. If we view this as well, we'll get it distribution on Twitter. So you can click here to see our three quiero racism chat. You can see it all. Again, link to our found chat slides is available online. Also, you can check out our sheets, data sheets, workshels, and other little things that a lot people酒 and nicotine haven't noticed having done – or or��al cigarettes even – that a lot of people have already had. Well, let's start with thanking the outgoing IAB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen, as we know him, has fluffy. And I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair now that he's not on the IAB anymore, maybe. But seriously, you have been... It's so good to talk to you. When we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to the heart of the matter. And with that much clarity of thought, it has been amazing having discussions with you. Miria, you have served a decade on the leadership at the IAB and ISG. Every term with so much dedication, so much hard work, it has been amazing. The things that you have done as the IAB chair have such a lasting impact. You have opened the IAB with IAB. We open the way we do liaisons, the way we... Even our website revamped. So everything that we think of IAB as current has been done under your leadership, and it has been amazing. Tommy, on the big screen, always calm, collected, always clear in thought. As the IAB chair, we went through a transition. We had a bigger geographic and time zone dispersion. We had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well. Thank you. And there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an IAB, we went through new activities with respect to more active participation at Internet Governance, and you helped us. You made sure that each of us at the IAB felt supported in all the activities that we do. So thank you. And finally, Jin. Jin has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management, operations, and Yang. And this is... And Jin showed us the diverse participation matters, having a viewpoint from looking from different areas, from different geography, bringing a different viewpoint to this IAB is fundamental. And Jin, you have shown that in your last two terms. So with that, I would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four outgoing members. For the two outgoing members, I would like to thank you for your time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And for the two members who are here, we can use a photo opportunity. Maria, can I invite you, please? And Jin, let's go this way. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Cullen, but I think maybe somebody can make an AI-generated one. And with that, let's do introductions and then we'll do open mic. For introduction, let's start with Jason. Jason Livinggood, IAB. Hi. Mark Nottingham, IAB. Mia Kulevent, outgoing IAB. Suresh Krishnan, IAB. Warren Kamari, in a surprising turn of events, IAB. Yaroslav Rosamako, incoming IAB. Dhruv Dhody, incoming IAB chair. Alvaro Ruttana, IAB. Yingzhen Xu, incoming IAB. Deku Cha, IRTF chair. Shenwu, outgoing IAB. Can we have remote folks? Ali? Ali? Oh, yes. Sorry, sorry. You can hear me now? Yes. Hello, this is Ali. Ali Began, incoming IAB. Thank you. Kalan? Fluffy, outgoing. Glad that the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Do we have Jenna or I don't see Jenna, maybe. Matthew? Hi, Matthew Bochy, IAB. Nick? Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. And Roman, how come we are missing you? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I think we can't hear you, Roman. Okay, move on. Open mic, questions for the IAB. And somebody will help me with the queue. Oh, here we are. Not. Right. So, congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are. that are leaving and so i have a couple of points the first one is to say that i really appreciate the progress done by aab especially on the liaison i think miria and suresh are working on on that one and i think this is really good um i have a few things that have emerged um the first one is speaking about liaison i observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework liaisons are good but they are just one part of the equation uh we we have seen in some areas like dm uh between uh itf and sg17 we started to have a leadership that started to speak to each other and i must say thank you to jim reed i don't know where jim is but he was the one who who pushed us here to do that and that was good um we we however it's only this week i realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other and not that people don't want in fact but people don't know um not only don't know but even i don't know um i don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process tools etc so that's probably something we should explore the second thing is that um i i was approached by aab and suresh and they said well you know we are working on a new um project we are working on a new project and i i was approached with a lot of questions after my side meeting i would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are doing to the iab so that we can really intimately understand together how we work and what could be tangible actions we could do together um then the next point is about opportunities um there is going to be on the iu side a like a plenipotentiary that's supposed to be in doha so we'll see what happens but that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions and i want to come back on the workshop on china and protection that the iab promoted now there is the window is slightly opened to make a change in this resolution if you have some desires based on what you are doing now now is the moment it never happened in years and we managed to unlock the doors at member state level so now they know that they're going to modify it so if you want to size this opportunity do it the last point is about ai iii okay so here the frustration are the friction of three atf meetings that each of them have had side meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream so i can understand madrid okay montreal now again in fact this week we did the first official meeting with the buff catalyst on agentiki so the problem is timing and so if you move out if you move your brain until what's going to happen next and you consider a number of risks including for san francisco in november that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there i am doing on my side three meetings one plenary and one content week from now until next july so it's an offer i can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings size it because this will give you input to prepare the july meeting in vienna we must have something in concrete in vienna because if san francisco is risky that's the only moment we can do something so we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in vienna and and i will bring all the inputs you need uh let's make it happen i know it's always a lot of things you don't need to answer now we are but these are things we can do offline. Thank you a lot. Let me tackle just a few points very quickly. We will not go in depth for all of them. With respect to liaisons, I completely agree. The first thing that we have to do is relationship. I think that's when we do best, when we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that. So any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can up to discuss, we can of course maybe get some better tooling. Whichever way you have that we find people, reach out to us. We want to do this better. With AI, the last question, I think I'll leave that to ISG. From the IAB side, I think we are watching. We help during the BOF preparation with Catalyst, with other things. So we are watching, but that question specifically with side meeting and everything, it's for the ISG. So hold on to that. Remind me, what were the two other questions? For ITU, for IPP. So thanks for bringing it up. We have plans to participate. We are discussing. This is still, a lot of inputs coming in, let's continue the conversation. Does any other IAB member wants to add? I actually, appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this way forward and you're helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups in ITU. I think actually that works very well. And it's strange, it's odd, but we should add it. I think that after sitting in for two or three weeks, we will recognize where it is. And then I go to Another Josh I actually think that data build is a bit thing where that finds an agreement there. Thank you. Again, desenvolvment Selina, to set like if you need to improve we can do that but i'm actually very positive that that i'm seeing that so thank you for that there is one regret i have just that can say that tommy and i discussed an idea of a workshop on agentiki that would have helped remove a lot of hits and get the debates on we didn't do it i don't know why it happened but that's something that the ib could have done now it's too late but we have another way we can do it and achieve it for for the life for the liaison piece in fact there is something that is simply a lack of practice in terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer a liaison statement because for us sometimes tell us don't do it that would help us enormously because until we receive something from the community here saying i tell you don't don't do that i cannot show that to member states so there are few simple things that if the leadership works together we can pass you the message and help you organize that and it's it's easy it will not take too much time and everybody will be happy i i think we have made a bunch of improvements on that we have been sending acknowledgements at least and as well as nudging various groups where action is needed but as we have discussed this multiple times is just a very fundamental way the two organizations work we have to find a middle ground let's continue to talk that's what i can offer any other we have one more person but i can see the name andrew everything in shenzhen i just wanted to thank you for your time and i appreciate that you had a fantastic interview with the community and i'm grateful to you for being extremely uh yeah uh i'm just for their work over the last two three years on outreach it has made a difference and it has shifted uh the reputation of the community significantly in other uh bodies so thank you for doing that and please continue thank you andrew i didn't catch everything but It looked like you were happy, so that's good. Anyone else? Otherwise, going once, going twice, and ISG. So I'd welcome the incoming and outgoing ISG to the stage. Thank you. All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, I'd like to thank the ISG for their support. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of is this topic worth waking up the U.S. West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach, practical approach, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement, like BPF, where we merged the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. All right. Next up, we have a question from the audience. We have a question from the audience. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the R&AD, but you're also the shadow SEC and WIT AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So Ori, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways. But, you know, Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a SEC area. So being a SEC area AD with you. It was great because you pushed you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area. How we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention, like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And in terms of meeting, if meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the. transition if we can have the next slide the passing of the dots so uh the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles uh we have a hybrid of course as you can see kind of on the stage so we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen and charles you're going to get us started okay hi everyone uh i'm charles zuckel incoming art ad andy newton rdd or steel outgoing rdd roman danilu jen tommy jensen incoming int ad eric you're going into ad sorry so eric the other everything the other ongoing entity and by the way stepping down next year so if you are interested to be an entity please talk to me mahesh management side of ops ad jim guishard routine id routing ad in an outgoing outgoing and incoming routing ad and any other inquiries um Tommy? Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pawley is the outgoing IAB chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments. Both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat were very much who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side. IAB tends to do pretty well. Getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you volunteered to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. We should take that and try to work on it. All right. Just adding to that. I think that's a great idea. Thank you. Thank you. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to. We need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the Edge Anti-KI situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say, Chieh, what's the way forward? And my complaint a little bit here is, I think, that's not the case. I think it's a little bit different. I think it's a little bit different. I think the way forward is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created and in fact is good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action, we cannot have consensus, we cannot organize ourselves, we are not creating charters. So that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do, I don't care, but I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So thoughts? Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles, Arnaud, like loud and clear that there's a lot of people who are not interested in this. And I think that's a good point. I think there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI, and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in differentäd tightly-bound charters? And what is the approach to un ramp it in there? The bof that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of I'm sure many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash offsite about how to convert the energy, not just in AI and side meetings, into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman. wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting you know between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim BOFs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before but Francesca previous RID helped set that up. So if that's something that your you know communities or groups that have been meeting inside meetings would like to make use of I volunteer my two fellow RIDs to take your requests but I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks. Sorry so the the I cannot do that for you. I mean I don't know enough what what's possible but that that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we you we had the first meeting on agency. Again great job Elke this week thanks to Adrian and the team on the CADlights, great job. that's step one for me. Step one started December 24th so in 15 months I am where I am but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus alignements understanding creation restructuring so just think about the time it takes to get there and time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions frictions at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom up approach and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree to solve the AI problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations and open source to kind of get us get us there. Okay, thank you. So I john, you're next in the queue. Yeah, I do. I'm from China Telecom. I have the similar experience with the AI. I'm a software engineer cancer for the working of the agent is it you know, you this meeting there are about over 16 side meetings related to the AI. And I think many of them were contained of many content of many of them contained either or left. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work and how we can make it more accessible to the public. So I think that's the first thing that I would say. And then the second thing is, I think it's important to have a more formal manner. Okay. Yeah, thank you. Thank you kind of for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior, the catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the out of the side means, I would also reiterate that. Yes, one of the the one on the main� darling. Yeah, we've described the AIs as a fully hard on the AI line. There is a series of instructions for how how Chinace, why Chinace, why A's, Experiment where we can define industry 받아 with the Bla, either the thinking labor大的 Branboos thought that we have In the prophets. But then within, while we're thinking about some way 對, obviously, the most important thing about what the trillionaires in downtown מאוד And as we go deeper, and then able to present some very A and the music, the music in Taiwan,ionen estando para um uh i was present at the the creation of the mega dispatch experiment however many itfs ago that was and i i kind of feel like the uh i'm very i'm conscious probably more than most people the how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an itf but i think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that um in particular the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch at all on on monday morning um that proved to be too hard i think pretty quickly we collapsed that to you know really self-contained groups that that really have no interaction with anything else but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users uh for the power itf users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work and uh i i happen to be chair of the moq of moq now um my working group has actually moved to the new work and uh i i'm not sure if you can see the screen but i'm not sure if you can see the screen but i'm not sure if you can see the screen but i'm not sure if you can see the screen to monday morning it contains many itf power users it moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this but i just i just want to leave the comment with the isd let's let's try to preserve that that model for dispatch we can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas thanks yeah thank you uh thank you kind of martin uh where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together so we of course have ended up with this federated federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like sec wit and art but the other areas are distinct so we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction okay next up uh roberta you're next time hi uh i have a question related to maybe from foundational uh knowledge for some of the issues that we have with ai i don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering uh work at specifically that would be the known working groups but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the you know some of the terms that has connection with it for example for agent take ai agents and ai itself where would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of you know the foundational models those kind of information that might make difference for the way that people do drafts is there a place that we can you know join information and do so maybe a state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it i don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the ietf i think the answer would be to produce an id an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to end even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer you to others right and i've done it multiple times dm is in art he started an end for instance right so it's quite common thank you we talk to each other the way so yeah thanks all right uh kings are We glad that we had you in this room all right great thank you everyone who joins the agenda panel by hearing from the audience today Dharma and tiny on the下 mid exceeded berkeley hey dm i'm going to start off with along with josh計 as well i recommend all of you to break down some of the themes of Dos Isles and how they're aligned with Scotia. James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, we... Okay, you have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, ISG, thank you. And we'll move to the next of our open mics. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats. Great. Thanks. I think we are ready. Do you want to do a quick introduction, please, on stage? Starting with George. George Michelson, LLC board. Gonzalo Camarillo, LLC board. Jay Daly, ITF executive director. And then we have you, Roman. Roman Danilo, LLC board. And Miriam Kuna, LLC board. I see a list of people in the queue. So Rahul, go first, please. Okay. I'm going to start with Rahul. Oh, camera is facing the wrong way. It doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the in-person fee waiver. I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the process is as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences rather than us who are living in Asia. Okay. So, for me, even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India, I need to travel to China, I need a visa and that process takes easily one to two months. And for that reason, last, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous IETF. I had explained that the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. Right. Okay. So, I cannot meet that timeline. Can you please communicate to me in advance itself that it's not possible for you to make that decision? Unfortunately, I basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last-minute travel because even last-minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request. It's a requirement. So, I'm not sure if it's a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me are going to want to come to IETF. I'm been bringing work consistently to IETF. So, I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the Global South can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF and they learned often that, you know, they're not going to be able to do it. They're going to be able to do it. So, I'm hoping that they're going to be able to do it. And I'm hoping that the IRTF of a similar situation actually did move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So, let me take that question, Miriam, because this isn't an LLC matter. This is the ITF chair matter. So, yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. You're exactly right. The IRTF process is different from the ISG process. It's a different process for the fee waivers and the published approach for the things giving out by the ITF chair is one month out and that's largely historically been done to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long-term kind of sustainment and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF is run. So, there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for why those waivers are going to be handed out. But your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa, have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges, so it may take time for that paperwork to be processed. So, I'm going to take that feedback and look at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that and I won't commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches. One to continue doing it as a long-term visa. And the other is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches. And one is to issue those fee waivers in long-term, as a relatively close to the meeting matter, to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage to do an early tranche of approvals, because I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after typically a meeting ends and for the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So, stay tuned around. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Marc. Hi, I'm Mark Nottingham. So in the presentation, we said the secretariat contract is still being renegotiated, and I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Can you communicate anything about why that is? Are there major sticking points? No. We can't explain anything about it at all. So no to the first part, but not to the second. Well, no to the first one and no to the second one. So there aren't any sticking points. Sorry? There are no – everything is continuing smoothly? These things just take some time. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Jay. Next up is Andrew. Hi. Good morning. Good evening, rather. Hopefully you can hear me. I just want to say I was in the ICANN meeting in Mumbai last week, which was a fantastic meeting and a great venue. ICANN's agenda is – is probably similarly complex to the ITF's. Yet from my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge the – to consider India as a future venue. I think it would be excellent for us to go there, and ICANN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. Thank you. Pete? Hi. In the past couple of weeks, actually, once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments which at least are interpretable as the IETF LLC is the IETF. For some of us old, crusty folks, that's not a great confirmation. That's not a great confirmation. I think the IETF has a lot of confusion to leave out there in the world, that the SDO is completely independent of the LLC as sort of part of the charter of the LLC, that there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the IETF, as far as I know, the IETF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper, or if I'm missing something. Yeah. Thanks for bringing this up, Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there is any confusion. I don't know, Jay, if you want to comment on that, but I don't think we would say the LLC equals the IETF. No. It's the IETF. It's the IETF. Yeah. So, to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the IETF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the IETF LLC is constructed to at times be the LLC, sorry, to at times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the IETF, then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants. That's the turn up. And it will not be on behalf of those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the IETF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The IETF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role. And at times in that role, it has to be the IETF. The other one I gave you, for example, was the trading name, that the IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF of things. So what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation. And to say that that nuanced view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem... The problem I have is if the IETF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason, I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the IETF. The IETF, the SDO is those 7,000 individuals. Now, I don't know how a court would judge that. I don't know how a court would judge that. I don't know how a court would judge that. I don't know how a court would judge that. I don't know how a court deals with that problem. But at least within the community, there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF, the SDO. And if for purposes of contracting and other things, a DBA does not bother me. If the IETF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing business as the IETF, whatever, that's a business relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO, I think is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. Well, thanks for pointing this out, Pete. And Bill. Well, yeah. I don't know how to respond to this at this stage. I wasn't in there when the comments were made. But yeah, we'll discuss this and how to make sure to not come across as confusing, apparently. Thanks. Jean? Hi, thanks. Jean-François Queralt. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with the visas. In our particular case, we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows. And unfortunately, we just got their approval two days too late, corresponding to their flights. That's nobody's fault. I mean, it's just the way it goes. I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed, whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how they would apply to visa. So what we discovered that we ourselves... That's our fault. We did not pay attention to. The Chinese New Year was right in the middle. And so for 10, 12 days, the embassy was closed in Delhi. And that just delayed the whole thing. What would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and decent time to get the visas done, because of that closure, it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that was ever a part of the thinking process, and if not, whether it would be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations, just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into on the way. Yeah, thanks, John. I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist for the meeting when you're planning, but it's a good point. We could... It's probably not always going to be possible to add this into the planning cycle, but it's definitely something we can take into account. All right. Thank you. Who's next? Eric. Hi. So there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting about the suitability of this venue and whether people would be able to attend. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in, the majority of the participants were remote, and also a huge fraction of leadership, including by my count, the majority of the IESG and the IAB are remote. Do you have any comments? Do you have any comments about what exactly? Yeah. About the suitability of this venue in light of those facts. Well, I can point you to Roman's statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and on-site compared to other meetings. Yes, but I... And I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to work really well, actually, especially also for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization, including you, by the way. Yes. Including you, by the way, I would notice. Yes, including myself, and I'm participating remotely. This is not the only IETF I'm not participating in person. I mean, so I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean, there are a lot of people on site, especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems to have worked out well. I don't know if there are any other comments, some other... Support members? Since the ISG was kind of mentioned, kind of speaking from that, yeah, there definitely is not the full complement of the ISG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel and participate in different venues is kind of contingent on said approval and a number of parties, at least on the ISG. I won't speak for the other leadership bodies. We're not kind of approved and this is what that turnout kind of looks like. We're waiting from the ISG side, at least, we are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on what was the experience of kind of all the participants. In particular, we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey. So we are going to have some after, as an after action, some perspective on what those experiences are. From the very kind of quick looks, we're hoping to get feedback on that. Thank you. Thank you. I am already eager to hear your thoughts before we move on to the next question. And maybe just now knew that I've actually already reached 18 conflicts. So there's obviously some issues slashWhere now, Alexandre? So many people have said last time about making sure that husband reevakética is uh, Jordan also says, compared to local more or outside777 states where there's less threat to the handicap and healthcare and we're still seeing savings between those moments. Allzy is strong. is there any long-term consideration by IETF on the venue based on visa requirements? Because just for example here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen, but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. And I understand that the hosts would have some considerations, but in general, in the long term, and again, Bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah, I mean, it's already hinted. I mean, we're also dependent on the host to a certain extent and finding venues and et cetera. And also, I think what we've explained earlier in our similar discussions is that it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the pain, if you will, and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas to go to other countries. So in this case, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate. And so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people gets hit by difficulties each time. But yeah, I hear you. It's difficult to find the perfect venue in that respect. No other comments from our side, I think, on that. No? Yes. Hi, Miriam. It's strange to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his presentation. But I think it's important to understand that the knowledge you get is useful. Without knowledge, you can even campaign. And I think we all have now the experience of being here. I feel that all the had betters. People like you have been stronger than they are. So one of the things that's Bird and I really got in touch were theNice 없이 language. And we did all the profiles and all the sound effects and material. I was so able to sit and chat with you. Anyone who can meet these folks? I'm very grateful. Thank you so much. I will surely across all of you on Hello YouTube and whatnot. And I hope to see you again soon. We'll see you next step. the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right? Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that and we are going to see what happens in November. I'm really curious. But we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous path for the IETF to continue in this direction. So that's one comment. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work. And I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on Pete's comments. I think Pete makes a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides and we should be very, very clear on the demarcation that he mentioned. Thank you. Thanks, Arnaud. Jason. Hi, Jason Livingood. This is in response to Pete's question. Now, I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because I wasn't in any of those meetings. When I heard things say, but I would encourage people to reread RFC 8711. Pretty straightforward. And section 4.3, the LLC is established to provide administrative support to the IETF. Has no authority over the standards development activities of the IETF. And it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting, fundraising, like fundraisers and so on, compliance in its legal home. So it was, it was the case way back before the IASA 2 activity that the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, you know, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established, there would be a separation between the standards development activities, which are independent and operated by, like the IASG, and the IETF. And then the IASG, which is the IASG, which is the IASG, which is the IASG, and, you know, so on and so forth. And then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear. But I'm not clear on whatever the questions were. Might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion. And happy to help because unfortunately, I think I might have been involved in some. Yes, thanks Jason. Thanks for the clarifying this. And yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that RFC. Are there any comments? Any comments from any of us on stage? No, seeing none. Next up is Vittorio. Hi, Vittorio Bertola. I didn't plan to come at the mic. But I did want to offer a different perspective to what Eko said. I think that having and also to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing. Even if it means that regulars, I mean, many regulars are remote. I think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the ITF, all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places. It is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting, to come at least once one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue. And it is up to us, not up as meaning the regulars. I don't know if I'm a regular by now. Not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contributors. And I think that's a very important point. And I think that's a very important point. And I think that's a very important point. And I think that's a very important point. And I think that's a very important point. And to this extent, I mean, to a certain extent, it was in multiple sessions, I saw drafts presented by newcomers being met with their usual, unfortunately, attitude by ITF regulars. So like, I mean, condescending or outright hostility or just go away. So I know the ITF has been putting effort in this and changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there. And this week, it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So in the end, yes, it was a very positive change. And I think that's a very important point. And I think that's a very important point. And I think that's also said, honestly, that there are so many members of the leadership here, I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here. But the fact that we had the largest meeting idea of the ITF ever and possibly meeting with so little than maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever is something we have to think about. I think I'm sure that all of you made all the possible efforts to be here in person, but still the result is not satisfactory. Maybe. Thanks. Thanks for your call. Thanks for your comments, Vittorio. Rohan? I support the fact that we came to China. And several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in San Francisco. And there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks. It's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go. We need to just suck it up. Okay, just let the process run. We need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here. And not beat up everyone, unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we could go. And that's where we need to get to. And I think that's what we need to do. So I'm gonna move on. can go that is going to meet all of the requirements and is going to allow this regular change of venue so that things are convenient for different people in different continents. We just need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for that comment. Roberta? Hey folks. I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to United States because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in United States, you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have like some kind of... Yeah. ...you know, like a... ...support for people that are going over there that are afraid because it's... For any reason why, right, I used to be an ethical hacker, so I got some person of interest at least going on. So I wanted to ask, do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the United States? And what are you planning as the country is on war right now, right? So how is going to be the support for attendees? Yeah. Thanks for bringing this up. I know people are concerned. We discussed this before. And, you know, similar to this meeting, I believe it's for everybody individual to decide, you know, what the risks are and if you can make it or not. I don't... I'm not aware, Jay. I don't know if you want to comment on that and if you can provide any legal support. For individuals. I don't think we've done that in the past, at least. Roberto, no, unfortunately, that's not something we can do. It's too expensive. The liability is unlimited. It really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves. My biggest concern is that, you know, during the visa process might be everything okay. And then we arrive over there and I have to... Yeah. I have some instances of friends that have been detained and sometimes it's not, you know, just to go back home is to answer over there. It's more if we risk it, the organization might at least know that we are there, you know. But thank you. We are effectively a business conference in terms of visas. And if people are applying for a business conference visa, they can apply. Yeah. Yeah. So if they have a visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose not coming, sorry, coming to the US for that purpose, not going to work or anything like that, then, you know, there are very... In fact, I'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country, not, you know, people coming to this sort of thing. I... Thank you for the comment. But actually, I have some instances. Because of, you know, DEFCON and everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry. But thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Warren Kamari, I think I'm next. Yes. Just a quick... Just a quick follow-up from what Anand said. I found this to be a great venue. Everything's worked really nicely. People have been great. Yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa. But it turns out that's what most people have to do. But I think that... I think it's a great... I think it's a great opportunity to be able to come here and see how it's going. I think it's a great opportunity to be able to make that transition. You know, it's a great opportunity to come here and see how it's going. answered i found this to be a great venue um everything's worked really nicely people have been great yes it was annoying to have to get a visa but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries so you know we have a lot of people participants from china this i think is the right thing to do and good on us thanks forren um martin hey so i'm not sure that the llc board has really listened to the community when it comes to either china or the us and i would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with as one of the factors in making a decision and i think that those people who have suggested otherwise uh denying reality in to some extent so i would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard and think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up if people are looking to continue participation you know the 400 ish people who turned up in person this time if those people continue to participate then maybe that would be a success if they do not then then maybe we can learn something from that and so i suggest that someone track that thank you uh thanks for that suggestion yeah we can definitely not evaluate this at this point but yeah i don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that nope um then so tomorrow night we may have to watch both right sommatastate this i think what we're all wanting to think about right now but unfortunately the increase in Rasheled zona isafa shows some minimal amount of our acknowledgement than the earlier pdf uh everyone's overall exposure with these packagings is you know really not seeing any of them there um soon after these pl spacemenному goes to the workshop because he feels they're very much in control of what we're talking about i think we're at that pace now because of what was mentioned throughout the Talk was that we're in straits longer with this capability underway what do you think we have dudes like you all I really need to ask a question for a real clean record just now to get this garlic is going off get you know what the issues are what the priorities are what the community about this leading up to the selection that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right load star to have and while I agree with Roman that um finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time as geopolitics intrudes on our work more and more um I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world um the regulatory uh impositions we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique uh in uh if you look at a global context so I would encourage uh the IESG and the LLC to take a careful and close look uh in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced um and to take that into account um as you look at future venue selections uh whether uh the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective uh with the venues we select um yeah thanks for the suggestion um Richard we'll definitely I'm doing that like without any other venue that um we're going to things um so Miriam if I might on that particular kind of topic uh Richard you highlight uh you highlight kind of a good point which is that uh about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges and is there after any meeting a learning a learning experience on you know is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again so I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to gen dispatch tomorrow we have a draft being presented on the topic of Network requirements and if we if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network kind of for the meeting this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like so please come to that that discussion the LLC I think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus uh the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria and and thanks for the plug for for my draft for a minute um I wanted to flag that a bit more broadly though for for the uh IESG and LLC right the the question was posed to the LLC and the IESG will this meeting be effective right there was a proactive uh prediction that you guys were asked to make and so I think as you're having board meetings IESG retreats things like that I think it would be useful for you these are bodies internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turned out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future. Yeah, thanks for that addition. Tony. Hi, Tony Lee. I'm an American. The way the United States government is operating right now, the ITF cannot protect anyone. The government is running around basically bands of thugs and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable. We've seen them detain citizens. We've seen them detain people who were illegally there. There's nothing that's going to happen. There's nothing legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the US. Thanks, Tony. Yeah, I don't comment on this stage. Thanks for this piece of information. Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. Then I see one more. Benjamin. So as a new participant in meetings with the ITF, the one thing that I have learned is, at least from many of you, is that work at the ITF happens on the mailing list. So to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this venue. I'm happy with it. I'm happy with it. I'm happy with the choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. We're a little over time. So I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great evening there if you're there in person. Miriam, before we sign off. Thank you. I do want to knock Jason off. Jay, do you want to repeat the social focussed大家好 tunnel of the software YouTube that you really had on my website in the past moment with the light show that you sent out to the community? Yes. Just a reminder that we'll have a special light show tonight. It will start at 8 pm in 15 minutes. We have arranged by CNW. It will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city centre. As a welcome to the IEP. Today's session is slightly remote because we optimally sitting in a culture discussion. So thanks to the indepth the catch a few woods. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the Civic Center where there will be music as well for that. So eight o'clock. It's about 10, 15 minutes walk. You should see you all there. Jay. Is there another question? I guess not. Microphone is off. So by the way, enjoy providing a lot of like social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take anyone. Thank you. Thank you , I made my note. This is one of the letters so it Blueberry Thank you.