Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. So we're going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF Trust. And after that is going to be the ITF administration LLC report. And we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. This year, this time we're meeting, we're going to be talking about the IETF trust. we're meeting the order is going to be the IAB the IASG and then the IETF LLC. Next slide please. So before we get started I wanted to you know give a whole a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site like the Secretariat, the Meet ECHO team, the NOC team and all the LSA staff but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that pushed the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments you know as quickly kind of as possible so we arrive at the meeting we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution please join me in welcoming them. Well thank you for that. So next I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Kai the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for so for a welcome and a greeting for us here. moment with the the Ste sheet that earlier so Julio Jonsson Johnson Clinton to attend the 125th IETF Conference. I am very honored. First, on behalf of the Information Management Department and the Information and Communications Administration, I would like to extend my warmest welcome to all the guests and friends who have come from afar, and congratulate the conference on its successful opening. I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to all my friends and friends who have been concerned and supporting the development of the global network. As an internationally influential organization, IETF has made irreplaceable contributions in the establishment of the core Internet protocol, structure, and technical standards, and established a solid technical foundation for the global Internet prosperity development. We are very grateful to all of you. China's spirit of open, inclusive, and cooperative cooperation is firmly rooted in our hearts. We are very grateful to all of you. China's spirit of open, inclusive, cooperative cooperation to promote open and secure communication, support the deepening of international exchanges and actively participate in the development of international technology standards, network infrastructure and Internet communication, promote the construction of a peaceful, safe, open and cooperative network space, and contribute to the maintenance of the global Internet, which can be expanded and innovated. At present, new technologies in the field of Internet are growing rapidly, and technologies such as artificial intelligence and other technologies are deeply integrated with the Internet, bringing opportunities for development and new challenges. We look forward to the opportunity of this conference to discuss the advanced technology and innovative ideas of the Internet, and we look forward to the opportunity of this conference to promote the formation of more and more materialized cooperation centers to contribute to the development of high-quality Internet industries around the world. Let us join hands to expand innovation, strengthen the trend, and jointly build the common body of network space and destiny, so that digital civilization can better take care of the global people. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and pleasant work and life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of CNNIC. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Please join me in welcoming Ms. Zhang Xiao. Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of CNNIC, and the Director of CNNIC, we are honored to have you on our stage today. We have a special invitation to you today. We have a special invitation to you today. We have a special invitation to you today. We have a special invitation to you today. Thank you. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right. So next slide. So we now are going to move on to the next slide. So next slide. So we now move on to the next slide. So let's move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here or additional facts and kind of figures and summaries since we last met, please do click on that link that says full report and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was released. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen. And I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and it's the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So, you know, phenomenal to see the community to come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we've had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement that I, of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look around, you know, you're sitting to your left are two people and, you know, one other person to your right, one of those people is new to the IT industry. And so, you know, you're not going to be able to see them unless you are. So one quarter of, almost one quarter of participants here at the ITF have never been to a meeting before. And we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the ITF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the internet. Please join a mailing list. You know, please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes. And we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna and also the future venues we have for our meetings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here. And also equally unsurprising, we have a very, very robust participation from China given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the IE ESG has issued no statements and the majority of participants have been from China. So we're really excited to see what happens. And we're excited to see what happens. And we're excited to see what happens. So the majority of what we focused on in our announcements was related to an appointment to the ITF Trust and to the IPMC. So first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner, who has been selected. And we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP 245 moderators. And I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical, from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what we've done. And I wanted to take this opportunity to share summaries of what's happening, to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in GEN affects each and every one of you in the room because the processes defined in GEN impact every working group and everything published in the ITF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and code points are specified here in ITF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS working group. If you are interested in anything related to how IANA BIS works, please join us in the PROCON working group, the process document and consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 50. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. I have just to say that this is something that we have done our best to do in the last three years, but there was a time of crisis that we are now in RFC 53, 78. To return back to that one announcement that I said I'd talk more about. The Mod Pod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact which was RFC 99.45, which defines a new approach ISG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be write those procedures and then, of course, execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the ISG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well. And we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the architecture. And so we're going to be looking at that as well. So if you're interested in that, please let the ISG know. And then the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4053 and 4053. It appears we've lost Roman. If you could please stand by for one minute. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the early discussion. And we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel. And this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgment of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So thank you so much for your time. And I hope that you will continue to support us. And I hope that you will continue to support us. And I hope that you will continue to support us. And I hope that you will continue to support us. And I hope that you will continue to support us. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the director of meeting operations and sponsorships. But she will be, unfortunately, exiting from that role. For the last 20, I think, years, she has been a very active member of the AD team. And so that's taken a really important role here. For a very important role here, she's an destined behind of усurping the leadership and equSta어요 Jim Jankowski. She it's been a permanent part of that network since 2011 after she was elected to run the agency behind me. Stephanie is Bob and one of the founders of Learning foraces. So I want to thank her and all the other colleagues who are 분 Mia and Deb, who are working with Stephanie to create that project. whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie, and honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with really all we can say is thank you, thank you so much and best of luck with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the panel. Thank you. So next slide, please. I now turn it over to Dhruv Dhody, who congratulations, is the new chair of the IAB. Hello, everyone. I'm Dhruv Dhody. I'm the incoming IAB chair. Next slide, please. Perfect. Yes. So we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this, we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out, and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out, those videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. And I'm going to hand it over to Dhruv Dhody. Thank you. Thank you. And this is a demonstration of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data track up. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the I-CAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the APRICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen. Thank you. Roman was at WSIS plus 20 high-level UN meeting where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk, who will talk about IRTF. Thank you, Drew. Hello, I'm Dirk Kutscher. I'm the IRTF chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So as IRTF chair, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training and so on. And so at this meeting. I have received really great support. I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young talent program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here, not only this meeting, but also previously. And there is a program in Brazil. That brought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And the Brazilians, please stand up so we can see you all. Welcome to the IRTF. So they come all this way to. You know, engage with us to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And I really hope this will be worthwhile. Okay. So in the IRTF, we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by Crypto Forum, RASP-RG and Network Management-RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. Then. We have the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. That's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee, support high quality research and also get new ideas, new people in. And ANW, the workshop is kindly supported by ACM SICCOM and Akamai. And we do this yearly at our summer IRTF meeting. So next. One will be in Vienna. I am ITF 26. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. The Applied Networking Research Prize recognizes the best results in applied networking from like last year. So what we do is we. Um. Um. nominate. Like top. Contributions in the field of applied networking. And then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones. And this is supported by ISOC, Comcast and NBC Universal. And quite often we get, you know, really, really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite, quite current at the moment in the ITF. And so just today in ITF Open, we had two NRP winners. So we had Tianyi Gao and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks and Shangjia Huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high quality real time communication. Congratulations. So this week we actually had two ITF Open meetings. So one just before and on Tuesday we had one that was dedicated on discussing internet working research challenges for AI. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic. So we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IRTF in this field. So beyond data center. So beyond the immediate engineering challenges. And there's a lot of working on in academia and, you know, conference and so on. We want to figure out, OK, how can we make this useful for our larger community? So we invited two really great presentations on different aspects and had good discussion on potential topics. So what we identified so far was, you know, testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments. Like the broader distributed system and protocol design for this learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming out and new abstractions for like collective communications and so on. And but also more principled approaches towards agent communication. Also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the buff this morning. But so the idea here is to look a bit more at the data center. And to look a bit more into the foundations of, you know, naming, identity, trust, delegation and also group communication. And yeah, finally, we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from Asia. Really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested or if you know somebody who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you., Thank you. So thank you. So this is my last report as the ITF chair for this cycle. These were the people of the nom com. Twenty five, twenty six cycle. The voting members, some of them are here. So these thank them. If you see them in the hallway, I've seen. I see one of my members in the Tokyo remote. Up. So people in Tokyo thank him also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Dejan. Good. But it's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So we're very happy with the current selection. So we had one selection for the LLC board, one for the trust ITF trust and IPMC, six selection candidates, selected candidates for the IAB two term. Period. And for this year the ITF chair. and for the six. areas candidates and assigned for the for a period of two years so I like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term willing to serve the ITF thank you very much it's one thing I want to mention is diversity of course that's something that's important to us to our community and also to the nom com we got a day training this year like last year about unconscious bias etc so that's important and I think that's something that the nom com was very aware of also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations some highlights here are well not highlight per se there's no difference between the two but there is a difference between the two but there is a gender diversity improvement this cycle so we aware of that we're conscious of that but of course we try to improve every year but this is a this is an observation here we improved on regional diversity that's a good thing so different voices different perspectives are good for our community and so this is a constant improvement here and we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything I call it here the leadership pipeline young people new leadership next generation leadership and we also hear that from the community in every review all the reviews we receive thank you ITF community for your reviews for your feedback on the on the nominees it's important and stressed think about new generation about the next generation leadership so with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position the non-comm members always ask about the next generation and they are thinking about your succession and luckily most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for or nominees actually for the next non-com cycle and of course it's up to the non- com in one two three four years to select the nominee but it's good that we have nominees to select from so thanks yeah as I already said we are aware of it we are doing our best a few more years with<|yue|> new sc aqui I'm sorry in accordance with the guide this card which is the implementation actually is some specific study what it's called so one thing mentioned the chair can with the nomcom always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process and well and accept it or a not expected situation so it works as in the same bullet point here the nomcom process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition and that works also but and that's now now a new point i want to work on at least some basic documentation how the things work some steps basic steps at least how to proceed through the nomcom as a chair and that could also help with the help of well kind of delegating tasks to the secretary because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary so it's good to have some documentation and mostly the practical stuff that's yeah and also for myself at least during the deliberations i spent a little bit too much time on the voting it's just to be a simple process but i was counting the yes and no so simple but yes maybe no that becomes more difficult and then you have all kind of rankings so i think for the next year it's good to have this a little bit automated so it can focus on the process and on the discussion and then you can have a little bit of a discussion about it and then you can have a little bit of a discussion about it and then you can have a little bit of a discussion about it and then you can have a little bit of a discussion about it and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes so finally yeah some words of thanks i want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the nomcom chair for this cycle it's very learn well i learned a lot and was super interesting and it was very rewarding also the itf community was very supportive in the beginning i made some mistakes and as you are you would directly send me an email that i made a mistake but it was always supportive people helped me out so thank you um also the nomcom voting members were very very dedicated so it was a great team i mentioned that already during the the november itf meeting and again the chairs advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice it's almost i get an uh an award for the oscar academy awards with all the thank yous good um before i leave the stage i want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the nomcom it's a lot of work yes it is but it's also you learn every lot of things about the itf process about the people in the itf and and its processes thank you thank you that is a little bit taller than i am and i was on the omcom and i will echo please do the non-com it's a really great experience you learn so much and you meet some great people anyways i'm glenn dean and i'm the outgoing chair of the ipmc corporation and the itf trust this is our report to itf 125. so uh nomcoms do what they do and the isg does what it does and they they both appoint people to the itf trust and the ipmc board in this cycle we say goodbye to kristen burden who has served us as an iesg appointee kristen was really helpful she's a lawyer by training very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing uh doing the itf ipmc uh creation and setup so thank you very much for kristen for your service to the itf trust and the ipmc thank you thank you thank you thank you thanks for thanking me uh thank you awesome is this is great cool awesome i they're coming i think it's切 aircraft except I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say, if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ICF, this is a great role to apply for in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants, and I learned so much by being part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it this coming year when the NOMCOM is appointing another person. Thank you for letting me be in that role. I've really enjoyed it. We have a new set of directors for the ITF IPMC. A couple of them are carrying over, but we've got two new ones. Lars Egert is coming in, as is Sean Turner. We've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next... ...president and the other officers. I'd like to announce that Wendy Salter has taken on the role of IPMC president. Sean Turner, who I think is in the Tokyo remote, is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer, which Wendy has vacated. Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary. Likewise, the ITF Trust is in the final throes. But we still needed some people around to close up shop. And so the decision was made that the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be Wendy. So thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. All right, so that's the in and the out stuff. Let's talk about what we've been doing. So we like to give a report, and usually these numbers are zero. Because, you know, trust is set up for a lot of different things. Trust is set up to be very boring. And when everything's perfect, it is very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN1 module from RFC 9881. So there we got one. The other good news, though, is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good if you deal in intellectual property assets. So here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who have been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated. Between when we met in Montreal and now, we had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So this formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC operates under. And that was up for a 60-day review. All of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. This one's big. We've been working for a couple years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the ITF assets to the IANA assets. And that's a lot of money. That's a lot of money. This is just the beginning. Is there something else I have to say before we wrap up? Is this kindly? Or is it just for fun? Do you have an opinion? Anyone else that wants to start bringing the keyboard in andaler than J. We have a couple questions from the audience that are in the chat about dollarATS. Let us know. J. Hello, I can hear the person favorites. The grams secondo from Mr.TPER. I was looking at Mr. 1964, 42, old views on UTC. We're not fully done yet though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function, is still in process because we need some signatures. There's agreements that establish the role of the ITF trust with relation to the IANA, and there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the ITF trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I no longer was the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures on, sign the document so we can get that thing done. And some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation, because if you look at the ITF documentation, it's got the word ITF trust all over the place. We have a draft out there. We have a draft to update the documentation to recognize the ITF IPMC as the successor to that. So that draft's out there and is active. I saw that URL for the IPR WG email list. And finally, the trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions, so we can keep that same acronym, are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the IPMC is now the party holding the asset. It seems like it's done because INSOLUTION has been Audited to fix that, as opposed to having to add some more like consent. That's never happened before that we just look at two terms before it became law. There are darling separate terms for IDFD, which were transparenced by the board, which color is a little thin whether this is copyright consent from Justice Simmons or by the board itself if you want Fabric you can do that's���Can I just want my IDFD to look real. Just popped into a room, don't particularly hear the new text really Those are notahuacaSt 부W weak letters that. And one of the things is this The Lexx trigger Iron RR is here under the H succeed. So I'm going to put two IDs up and tend to Johnson and Sue or lions here under in the side is and enjoyed letters so need you maybe to actually see one of these's that are not outside that range. by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works and so there'll be a separate document now published especially especially for the independent stream and oh and they'll be published for comment uh for a 30-day period for you to get your voice in so here's the thing i wanted to recognize uh you know we've done the outgoing for myself and for kristen but i think we should also do an outgoing for the itf trust it served this community since 2005 when it was created uh it's officially ending operations this year it's got literally at this point i think about 1200 in the bank and it has a handful of dns domains that are part of the iana work that's it and so once those agreements are signed those things are transferred over and it does its final tax filings it's done so i i really did want to have a hand for the itf trust because it has made this up what is this the itf functional and it's done it for uh 21 years that's quite a quite a service to this community and i wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as itf trustees this is an unpaid job they're all volunteers they've done a tremendous amount of work for this community and a lot of people don't even know what they do so it's which is good because it means they didn't get sued because no drama no excitement but anyway it's for the itf trust and for all the people volunteer can i please have a round of applause and that is how to contact the ipmc and get more stuff george don't leave the stage so glenn thank you for your many years of service and allow me to present you with this plaque don't you can't have it please thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you hello and welcome my name is jade ailey i'm the itf executive director nice to see so many people in the room so this is the administrative report for the itf and i'll start by thanking our itf125 host cn nick and our co-host xinhua university the internet society of china ccsa and the computer network information center of the chinese academy of sciences thank you very much i also want to thank very much huawei our special contributor and social events sponsor those of you who came to the event today last night to the social event i'm sure we'll remember that that is the best social event we have had that was spectacular thank you and then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor zt to our local sponsor ap nick and our local supporters call mail thank you i also want to thank the cnc for their support of this event and i want to thank the cnc for their partnership with by the futureリテール for running code and de nick and nominate for the open internet thank you all very much and then finally thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsors without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the itf with than we do currently thank you very much to all of you i should particularly like to note china mobile who and china unicom who have helped very much with this conference we have staff on site helping us out with our wi-fi which is really going above and beyond thank you very much for that every meeting it seems our logos get more and more desirable so once again i'm happy to tell you we you can get our our swag from the online store and we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting particularly for those people who go running such as our current itf chair so um i want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out we in in building the itf toolsgraves team in we know how combative дом is and in the development of the itf tool which is actually one of our next big projects which will provide first-hand it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here so we have the secretariat me taco and the knock thank you all very much for your work um here at itf 125 we only have a subset of the itf staff so i'm on site clearly i also have greg with me and three of our senior developers they are staffing the tools help desk so please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them we also have the rpc staff at ietf 125 alana alice and sandy are here they are also staffing a desk so if you have any questions about rpcs sorry rfcs or the editing process please go and speak to them and we have the full secretariat on site as well so this is a simple diagram of the current structure there so look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support see them if you need to want to speak about anything particular then please speak to them as well so finally on the thanks thank you to our global hosts our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the iets and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need thank you very much so ietf126 vienna registrations are open this will be in july we are expecting to come we are just about to sign with the host for the meeting so that's good news for us and i hope very much to see as many as possible of you there so looking forward to our meetings um we have vienna coming up and then after that we have ietf 127 in san francisco and since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced verisign as the host of that meeting ietf128 in asia we are still in the negotiations with it and that's because we have contracts with it for several years as of although we have to work with conditioners , we haven't had any Москвas give up on this and also the isegal diverseị boutique及 so now i have to go off to vienna which is a introduction to next month we will see what we're currently expecting a lot of Swansea venture a lot a lot in the kind first醒 the contract the other day so we are just trying to work through that and then we'll be able to announce that um hopefully quite shortly itf 130 in has now been announced that's the hyatt regency vancouver that we've been back to a number of times and we are of course looking for a meeting host for that ietf 131 in asia we have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues and we are hoping to and we're in the negotiations now um about that so that's moving forwards itf 132 europe um is a little bit um in the back burner while we sort the others out and itf 133 is not on here in north america but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in south america for that okay so that's where we currently are with our meetings booking we're a little bit more in the middle of the week but we're looking at the next few days we're looking at the next few days we're looking at the next few days we're looking at the next few days bit behind but we have so many of them quite close that we'll catch up quickly and then we'll be a bit ahead i think by the end of this year on meeting bookings so that's it for me thank you very much handing over to miriam thanks jay i hope you hope you can hear me and see me um my name is miriam kuhne i'm the board of the um llc board of the um llc i'm the chair of the llc board that's more correct and i would like to thank you actually for um selecting me for another term studying at this um at this meeting um i think cindy is gonna control my slides so please go on to the next slide yes this is the full board you can see here and gonzalo and george are there with you in person and roman is you saw was um online i'll be on i'm online here and and shauna cannot join us um for this um meeting um but you're all watching so next slide please yeah these are this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the the end of year um balance and i'm not going to go through all the numbers you can do that in your own time i mean for transparency reasons obviously we put them here on the slide so they'll be published you see some notes there so if you go to the next slide um you'll see some explanations and more details can be find always in the financial statements that we publish um every month and then also at the end of the year so that's a very interesting thing that we can get to know more about as well so thank you so much for joining me and i hope that you enjoyed this um um and this is the um the end of year um i hope that you enjoyed this um um um but um um so next slide please um thank you for watching um but you're all watching so next slide please every month and then also at the end of the year overall one thing to note here is that there are some um like higher numbers as budgeted so the positive um variances there are mostly comprised of um an additional endowment contributions which always welcome um isoc matching funds um also the annual contributions from isoc and some unrealized gains from investments and that that we have and there so um that's and that's good news so next slide please um just some items that the board is currently working on um we are still working on the secretariat contract with tendering that's ongoing um we've published the um the 2026 budget after consultation of the community consultations um so that's out on the website as you've seen we've piloted the remote we piloted this um we've piloted the remote piloted this um remote piloted this um remote piloted this um itf for i tf meetings and we've had the opportunity to do two sessions in the remote room the remote room join a couple of sessions that seem to work really well and so well thanks mostly to lse staff and their greg wood i think who took the lead um for making this this possible and then we're going to evaluate the my experiences with this um after the meeting and see how we can can move forward with that um and and we're also having our annual um retreat in april the board retreat we're preparing for that to look at like future planning for the strategy and risk register and other plans that we that we will be doing kind on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here but it's certainly also on our mind are you know meeting network and the meeting locations and I really I want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists specifically also on meeting networks and we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed tomorrow I believe in GenDispatch and then we'll see where that goes after that and so yeah please watch that space and contribute to that work. Next slide please. You can also contribute to our work well by participating in our board meetings you have a monthly board meeting here the dates they are also on the website and Michelle the secretary she always sends out announcements for the board meetings so they're open to observers at least like you know partially part of the meetings we also have some closed sessions with staff and Jay but yes please join us for these for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to our work. Next slide please. I think that's about it yes you can find a lot more information on the websites from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements and also here are a number of mailing address mail addresses and lists that you can reach us admin discusses our generic kind of at the administrative mailing list where most of these topics are being discussed so I think that's it for now thank you for listening. Thank you. Let's distribute a few this way as well. Well, let's start with thanking the outgoing IAB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen, as we know him, has fluffy. And I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair now that he's not on the IAB anymore, maybe. But seriously, you have been, it's so good to talk to you. When we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to the heart of the matter. And with that much clarity of thought, it has been amazing. Having discussions with you. Miria, you have served a decade on the leadership at the IAB and ISG. Every term with so much dedication, so much hard work, it has been amazing. The things that you have done as the IAB chair have such a lasting impact. You have opened the IAB with IAB open, the way we do liaisons, the way we, even our website revamped. So everything that we think of IAB as current has been done. And under your leadership, and it has been amazing. Tommy on the big screen, always calm, collected, always clear in thought. As an IAB chair, we went through a transition. We had a bigger geographic and time zone dispersion. We had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well, and there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an IAB, we went through new activities with respect to more active participation at Internet Governance, and you helped us. You made sure that each of us at the IAB felt supported in all the activities that we do. So thank you. And finally, Chin. Chin has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management, operations, and YANG. And this is, and Chin showed us the diverse participation matters, having a viewpoint from looking from different areas, from different geography. Bringing a different vision. Bringing a different viewpoint to this IAB is fundamental. And Chin, you have shown that in your last two terms. So with that, I would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four outgoing members. For the two outgoing members who are here, we can use a photo opportunity. Maria, can I invite you, please? Okay. You have to ask the question right away. And Chin. Let's go this way. We won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Kallen, but I think maybe some of our audience will have a chance to have listening and some of our attendees will have a chance to have a nice friendly talk. Thank you. somebody can make an AI generated one. With that, let's do introductions and then we'll do open mic. For introduction, let's start with Jason. Jason Livinggood, IAB. Mark Nottingham, IAB. Mia Kühlewind, outgoing IAB. Suresh Krishnan, IAB. Warren Kamari, in a surprising turn of events, IAB. Jaroslav Rosamaho, incoming IAB. Dhruv Dhody, incoming IAB chair. Alberto Ruttano, IAB. Yingzheng Xu, incoming IAB. Du Huizhe, IRTF chair. Qinwu Ergong, IAB. Can we have remote folks, Ali? Ali? Oh, yes. Sorry, sorry. You can hear me now? Yes. Hello, this is Ali. Ali Began, incoming IAB. Thank you. Cullen? Fluffy, outgoing. Glad that the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Do we have Jenna or I don't see Jenna maybe. Matthew? Hi, Matthew Bochy, IAB. I'm a senior. Thank you. Nick? Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. And Roman, how come we are missing you? I think we can't hear you, Roman. Okay, move on. I was trying to figure out if there was a problem. I was trying to figure out if there was a problem. I was trying to figure out if the mic was on. It is on. There is a problem. I am sorry, I don't know if you can hear me. It is on. It is on. Oh, it is on? Yes. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Can I have a moment with you, Roman. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. I am sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you, Roman. I am sorry. I am sorry. Okay, move on. Open mic. Questions for the IAB. And somebody will help me with the queue. Oh, here we are. Anand. Right, so congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are leaving. And so I have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by IAB, especially on the liaison. I think Myria and Suresh are working on that one. I think this is really good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about liaison. I observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework. Liaison. The lines are good, but they are just one part of the equation. We have seen in some areas like DiEM between ITF and SG17, we started to have leadership that started to speak to each other. And I must say thank you to Jim Reed. I don't know where Jim is, but he was the one who pushed us here to do that, and that was good. However, however, it's only this week I realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other. And not that people don't want, in fact, but people don't know. Not only don't know, but even I don't know. I don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process, tools, etc. So that's probably something we should explore. The second thing is that I was approached with a lot of questions after my side meeting. I would love the idea to be able to present what I have learned. I think it's a very important thing. I think it's a very important thing. I think it's a very important thing. I think it's a very important thing. I think it's a very important thing. I think it's a very important thing. The other thing is that we need to be able to say how we are going to do it in terms of what me or other groups are doing to the IAB, so that we can really intimately understand together how we work what could be tangible actions we could do together. what could be tangible actions we could do together. Then the next point is about opportunities. There is going to be on the ITU side a Plenipotentiary. That's supposed to be in Doha. We'll see what happens, We'll see what happens, But that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions. And I want to come back on the workshop on China on protection that the IAB promoted. Now, there is the window is slightly opened to make a change in this resolution. If you have some desires based on what you are doing now, now is the moment. It never happened in years. And we managed to unlock the doors at member state level. So now they know that they're going to modify it. So if you want to seize this opportunity, do it. The last point is about AI. AI, AI, AI. So here, the frustration are the friction of three IETF meetings that each of them have had signed meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream. I can understand Madrid, OK, Montreal. Now again, in fact, this week, we did the first official meeting with the both catalysts on . So the problem is timing. And so if you move your brain until what's going to happen next, and you consider a number of risks, including for San Francisco in November, that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there. I am doing on my side three meetings, one plenary, and one content week from now until next July. So it's an offer. I can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings. Size it. Because this will give you input to prepare the July meeting in Vienna. We must have something concrete in Vienna. Because if San Francisco is risky, that's the only moment we can do something. So we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in Vienna. And I will bring all the input you need. Let's make it happen. I know it was a lot of things. You don't need to answer now. But these are things we can do offline. Thank you, Arnaud. Let me tackle just a few points very quickly. We will not go in depth for all of them. With respect to liaisons, I completely agree. The first thing that we have to do is relationship. I think that's when we do best, when we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that. So any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can up to discuss, we can, of course, maybe get some better tooling. Whichever way you have that we find people, reach out to us. We want to do this better. Yeah. With AI, the last question, I think I'll leave that to ISG. From the IAB side, I think we are watching. We are, we help during the BOF preparation with catalysts, with other things. So we are watching, but that question specifically with site meeting and everything, it's for the ISG. So hold on to that. Remind me any other, what were the two other questions? Resolution. Yes, for ITU PP. So thanks for bringing it up. We have plans to participate. We are discussing. This is still a lot of inputs coming in. Let's continue the conversation. Does any other IAB member wants to add? Yeah, please go ahead. Yeah, I actually appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this way forward and like you are helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups in ITU. I think actually that works very well. And as Tuf said, like if you need to improve, we can do that. But I'm actually very positive that I'm seeing that. So thank you for that. There is one regret I have just that can say that. Tommy and I discussed an idea of a workshop on adjunct EKI. That would have helped remove a lot of hits and get the debates on. We didn't do it. I don't know why it happened, but that's something that the IAB could have done. Now it's too late, but we have another way we can do it and achieve it for the life. For the liaison piece, in fact, there is something that is simply, you know, it's not a good idea, but it's good. It's a good idea. It is a good idea to start. If I could just say that there's one thing I was aware of that I just want to address. Yes. Yeah, I just wanted to say something aboutgeh disposition over here that I am both of the died, as all of you know from my experiences that, you know, Blasten Ans ви Horn and others. Some mariners we can get Guys who work you don't even have to go back to your office. I don't know why that happens, really. Our Rolle 말고 is not ours, right. Yes, we expand for Jen, so when you don't talk about J Ad кру to are dealing with.? Ja. But actually. Cause I appreciate it. Love them in other much things but meant to help you guys a lot. ! you organize that and it's it's easy it will not take too much time and everybody will be happy i think we have made a bunch of improvements on that we have been sending acknowledgements at least and as well as nudging various groups where action is needed but as we have discussed this multiple times is just a very different fundamental way the two organizations work we have to find a middle ground let's continue to talk that's what i can offer any other we have one more person but i can see the name andrew in shenzhen i just wanted to i i i miss for their work over the last two three years on outreach it has made a difference and it has shifted uh the reputation of the community significantly in other uh bodies so thank you for doing that and please continue thank you andrew i didn't catch everything but seemed a little like you were happy so that's good anyone else otherwise going once going twice and isg so i'd welcome the incoming and outgoing isg to the stage so i'd welcome the incoming and outgoing isg to the stage so i'd welcome the incoming and outgoing isg to the stage so i'd welcome the incoming and outgoing isg to the stage my my All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up to? Is this topic worth waking up to? And then the second is, how do we keep up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach, practical approach got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF, where we merged the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will see you next week. Thank you for joining us. All right, thank you. Thank you, everyone. All right, we should be able to see the questions here. I'm going to ask the question. I'm going to send one in the mail to you. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing application and real time director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the R&AD, but you were also the shadow sec and wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of the industry. All right. All right. those kind of three areas which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session uh the isg is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other sdos and in the open source community so ori really thank you so much for your service and last up is paul wooders who is the outgoing security area director he served two terms uh so i can do this a lot of different ways but you know paul first up i want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board it takes two to run a sec area so being a sec area ad with you uh was great because you pushed uh you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area how we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it uh in the future so kind of first thank you for that uh i also wanted to mention like your community pers your your outlook on ensuring that the community is is welcoming uh we think about newcomers in our in our community uh we think about newcomers in our in our community and we think about newcomers in our community uh we think about newcomers in our communities and we think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening uh and in terms of meeting if meeting efficiency in the isg you may have actually left the the largest legacy which puts us in a bit of a problem right now i suspect that the isg productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard which very much helped us get things done so thank you for that and in all seriousness thank you very much for your service as well paul thank you to all of you outgoing aeds so ori we have a plaque for you in person and paul we will mail something to you as well all right so we have historically had the transition if we can have the next slide the passing of the dots so uh the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles uh we have a hybrid of course as you can see kind of on the stage so we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen and charles you're going to get us started so we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen and okay hi everyone uh i'm charles zuckel incoming art ad andy newton uh rdd or steel outgoing rdd roman danilu jen tommy jensen incoming int ad eric you're going into ad sorry so eric the other everything the other ongoing entity and by the way stepping down next year so if you are interested to be an entity please talk to me mahesh management side of ops ad jim guishard routine id routing ad you can turn on the vela in an outgoing outgoing and in coming routing ad chris sanacio toddy incoming iv chef mike bishop with 80. gory fairhurst renewing the iop chip cene alive uk whiting ensuite anna phillips leo ermina jcent jaume r التمر two We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new information, new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But. I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs taking on something like that. And I realize. That means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you're going to volunteer to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. We should take that and try to work on it. But I think it's a good idea to give them a template. But I think it's a good idea to give them a template to fill out. But I think it's a good idea to give them a template to fill out. And I think it's a good idea to give them a template to fill out. All right. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Yeah. Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participation. And we're happy to do that. So I think that's a good idea. And we're happy to do that. And we're happy to do that. And we're happy to do that. I think it's a good idea for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress. And we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work. Because we're going to have to work on it. because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay, next up Arnaud, I see you're in the queue as well. Yes, hi Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the Edge on TTI situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created. And in fact, it's good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. So that's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a team. So we need to have a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription just to use that word from the leadership here to say, the guidance is this, whatever you guys want to do, okay. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So thoughts? Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles, I know like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in tightly bound charters. And what is the approach to on ramp it in there? The boff that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of, I'm sure many things we need to do. And this is gonna be a topic that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash kind of offsite about how to convert the energy, not just in AI inside meetings into structural things in the IETF. And that's gonna be a big part of the process in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim boffs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca previous art AD helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting inside meetings would like to make use of. I would be happy to have fellow art ADs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, sorry. So the, I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So we had the first meeting on Edge on TKI this week, thanks to Adrian, and I'm very happy to be here. Adrian and the team on the Catalyst, great job. That's step one. For me, step one started December 24. So in 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there. Time is evaporating. The industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment, and we are in the middle of a crisis. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side, on the bottom-up approach, and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. To solve the AI problem, or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional organizations and open source to get us there. Okay, thank you. So Ai-jen, you're next in the queue. Yeah, Ai-jen, I'm from China Telecom. I have a similar concern for the working of the AI agent in the ITF. You know? In this meeting, there are about over 16 side meetings related to the AI. And I think many of them contain the overlap. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in more formal manners. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior, the Catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring in are intersections, of the existing work that we, of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch-like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes, just because, again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Yeah, Martin Duke. Contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was president at the, the, the, the, the, the, the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I, I kind of feel like the, I'm very, I'm conscious probably more than most people of how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF, but I think we're drifting away from some of the things we were trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter-programming to dispatch at all on, on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly, we're going to collapse that to, you know, really self-contained groups that, that really have no interaction with anything else, but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users, for the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I, I happen to be chair of the MOQ now. My work group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this, but I just, I just want to leave the comment with the IHG. Let's, let's try to preserve that, that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Kind of Martin where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we of course have ended up with a federated, a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together, like San Diego, San Diego, San Diego, San Diego, San Diego, San Diego, San Diego, San Diego. And we have a lot of other areas that are teaming up together like SEC, wit and art, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that de-confliction. Okay. Next up Roberta. You're next. Hi. Hi. I have a question related to maybe from foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could. Enter information. Like. Information about areas that might not be applyable to the engineering work at specifically that would be the known working groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the, you know, some of the terms that has a connection with it. For example, for agent take AI agents and AI itself. Where. Would be the place for. For each board, maybe in for the AI. Or maybe in the AI itself. So. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. So you asked me what is that. And I, I did not put it in the chat for you to understand. I know that it's in that, but I think that's a good question. I think it's also appropriate to put. Maybe information related to how agents work. And that's part of. You know, the foundational models, those kinds of informations that my make difference for the way that people do drafts is that a place that we can. You know, join information and do some. Maybe a state of art of some of the, I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture. But if you're asking for what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the IETF, I think the answer would be to produce an ID, an internet draft, and kind of write that down and update it periodically. And so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. And on the same topic, if you allow me to add, even if you talk to one area director, he can easily refer you to others, right? And I've done it multiple times. DM is in art. It started in N, for instance, right? So it's quite common. Thank you. We talk to each other. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? I'm pausing, waiting. James. James. James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, we, okay, you have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, ISG, thank you. And we'll move to the next. Of our open mics. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC open mic. And if all this well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage. While Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats. Great. Thanks. I think we are ready. Do you want to do a quick introduction please on stage, starting with George? George Michaelson, LLC board. Gonzalo Camarillo, LLC board. Jay Daly, ITF executive director. Then we have you, Roman. Roman Dinello, LLC board. And Miriam Kuna, LLC board. I see a list of people in the queue. So Rahul, go first, please. Oh, camera's facing the wrong way. Doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that. Relates to the in-person fee waiver. I'm having a. I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the processes as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences than rather than us who are living in Asia because. Even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India. I need to travel to China. I need a visa and that process takes. Easily one month. One month. One to two months. And for that reason, last, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous IETF. I had explained. That the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me in advance itself that it's not possible for you to make that decision? Unfortunately. I basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to. Apply for a visa and then arrange for last minute travel because even last minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me are going to. I want to come to IETF. I'm been bringing work consistently to IETF. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF and they learned of a similar situation actually did move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. Thank you. So let me take that question, Miriam, because that's this isn't an LLC matter. This is the IETF chair matter. So, yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. The you're exactly right. The IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach for the for the for the things giving out by the IETF chair is one month out and that's largely historically been done. And I appreciate. And I appreciate that, because I'm. I appreciate that. to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long-term kind of sustainment and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF is run. So there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for why those fee waivers are handed out. But your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa, have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges. So it may take time for that paperwork to process. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And I won't commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches. One, to continue doing it as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage the challenges that we're facing. And then the other thing is to kind of look at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that and I will commit to anything kind of here, but to also continue doing it as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also continue doing it as a relatively close to the meeting matter to do an early tranche of approvals because I do, I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after typically meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So stay tuned around. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Marc. Hi, Marc Nottingham. So in the presentation we said the secretariat contract is still being renegotiated. And the reason for that was obviously the fact that we had a very long period And I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Are there, can you communicate anything about why that is? Are there major sticking points? No. We can't explain anything about it at all. So no to the first part, but not to the second. Well, no to the first one and no to the second one. So there aren't any sticking points? Sorry? There are no, everything is continuing smoothly. These things just take some time. Okay. Thanks, Jay. Next up is Andrew. Hi, good morning, hopefully, good evening, rather. Hopefully you can hear me. I just want to say I was in the ICANN meeting in Mumbai last week, which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue. ICANN's agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITF's. Yet from my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge, the to consider India as a future venue. I think it'd be excellent for us to go there. And ICANN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. Pete. Hi, in the past couple of weeks, actually, once on mailing lists, and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments, which at least are interpretable as the IETF LLC is the IETF. For some of us old crusty folks, that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That the SDO is completely independent of the LLC is sort of part of the charter, but it's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That the SDO is completely independent of the LLC is sort of part of the charter, but it's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That the SDO is completely independent of the LLC is sort of part of the charter, of the LLC, that there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the IETF, as far as I know, the IETF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it as a secret. But I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, тому что это дозвучит к сомби, which is okay, тому что это дозвучит к сомби, but sharper or if I'm missing something. но если я упоминал что я пропустил что-то. но если я упоминал что я пропустил что-то. Yeah, thanks for bringing this up Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there is any confusion. I don't know Jay if you want to comment on that but I don't think he would say the LLC I don't know Jay if you want to is it equals to the IETF. Yeah. So to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the IETF LLC is an SDO, I was saying was that the IETF LLC is constructed to at times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the IETF then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up and it will not be on behalf of those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the IETF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The IETF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role and at times in that role it has to be the IETF. The other one I gave you, example, was the trading name that the IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF for things. What I am suggesting is that what I am saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation and to say that that nuance view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem I have is if the IETF, the SDO was into court for some reason. I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the IETF. The IETF, the SDO, is those 7,000 individuals. Now, I don't know how a court deals with that problem, but at least within the community, there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF, the SDO. And if for purposes of contracting and other things, a DBA does not bother me. If the IETF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing business as the IETF, whatever. That's not a problem. That's not a problem. That's a business relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO, I think is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. Well, thanks for pointing this out, Pete. Yeah, I don't know how to, I don't know how to respond to this at this stage. I wasn't in there when the comments were made, but yeah, we'll discuss this and how to make sure to not come across as confusing, apparently. Thanks. Jean? Hi, thanks. Jean-François Keralt. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with the visas. In our particular case, we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows. And unfortunately, we just got their approval two days too late corresponding to their to their flights. That's nobody's fault. I mean, it's just the way it goes. I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed, whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how we apply for visa. So what we discovered that we ourselves, that's our fault. did not pay attention to, the Chinese New Year was right in the middle. So for 10, 12 days the embassy was closed in Delhi and that just delayed the whole thing. What would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and decent time to get the visas done, because of that closure it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that was ever a part of the thinking process and if not, would it be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get on the way? Yeah, thanks, John. I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist for the meeting, for the planning, but it's a good point. It's probably not always going to be possible to add this into the planning cycle, but it's definitely something we can take into account. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Who's next? Eric. Hi. So there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting about the suitability of this venue and whether people would be able to attend. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in, the majority of the participants were remote and also a huge fraction of leadership, including by my count, the majority of the IESG and the IAB are remote. Do you have any comments? Do you have any comments about... What exactly? About the suitability of this venue in light of those facts. Well, I can point you to Roman's statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and onsite compared to other meetings. And I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to work really well actually, especially also for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the suitability of this venue. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization, including you, but I would notice. Yes, including myself and I'm participating remotely. This is not the only ITF I'm not participating in person. I mean, so I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean, there are a lot of people onsite, especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems to have worked out well. Okay. I don't know if there are any other comments from other board members. Since the ISG was kind of mentioned kind of speaking from that, yeah, there definitely is not the full complement of the ISG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel and participate in different venues is kind of contingent. On said approval and a number of parties, at least on the ISG, I won't speak for the other leadership bodies, we're not kind of approved. And this is what that that turnout kind of looks like. We're waiting from the ISG side, at least we are waiting for the post meeting survey to get feedback on what was the experience of kind of all the participants in particular. We're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey. So we are going to have some after as an after action. We're going to have some perspective on what those experiences are from the very kind of quick looks we had. Participation may also be uneven to kind of across areas about how much remote and is on site. But it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see any on the stage. Next up, Rahul again. Yeah. So building on my question, as well as Jean-Francois question. Is there any long term consideration by IETF on the venue based on the visa requirements? Because just for example, here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen, but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. So I understand that the host would have some considerations. But in general, in the long term, and again, Bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah. I mean, it's you're very hinted. I mean, we're also dependent on the host to a certain extent. And you know, finding venues. And you know, the host is the most important thing. And you know, you have to be very careful. And you know, finding venues, etc. And also, I think what we've explained earlier in our similar discussions is that it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the pain, if you will, and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas go to other countries. So in this case, you know, a large group of participants from China, hopefully had it easier to participate. And so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people, you know, gets hit by a difficulty. But in particular, on an amount, it's just like 10% of the applications. And because you know, it takes a very large scale representation of what a faults will be two years. So you can't let your we can't just rely on one internal student to usually work and have its experience on the final point of what they can do and what they can make well. But sitting with one of those video teams, which you know, is very well involved, and not sort of posting, but giving everything to a topic, which is very smart in other caseis artists fail even if you take perché you have these very high겠다 points or aquilo o fitness guidelines. And so but yeah, it's very, very important and mandatory guests could be placed in other places. That's my opinion. What you will find is we need to veterans for different Fisher and we want to look for a specific category with, you know. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment, but I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the no visa, and all of that was extremely good. And frankly speaking, it's delightful. My first time in Shenzhen, I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right? Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that, and we are going to see what happens in November. I'm really curious. But we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous path for the IETF to continue in this direction. So that's one comment I will make. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work. And I'm very happy to be here and to do our work. And I hope it works out. I hope it comes to its end as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on Pete's comment. I think Pete makes a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides, and we should be very, very clear on the demarcation that he mentioned. Thank you. Thanks, Arnaud. Jason? Hi, Jason living good. This is in response to Pete's question. I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because I wasn't in any of those meetings when I heard things say. But I would encourage people to reread RFC 8711, pretty straightforward. And section 4.3, the LLC is established to provide administrative support to the ITF, has no authority over the standards development activities of the ITF, and it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting, fundraising, like fundraisers and so on, compliance, and its legal home. So it was the case way back before the IASA II activity that the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, you know, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also a legal home. And so it was a legal home. And so it was a legal home. And so it was also clear when the function was established that there would be a separation between the standards development activities, which are independent and operated by like the IASG and, you know, so on and so forth. And then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear, but I'm not clear on whatever the questions were. Might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion. And happy to help because unfortunately I think I might have been involved in some. Yes, thanks Jason. Thanks for the clarifying. Clarifying this. And yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that RFC. Are there any comments from any of us on stage? No, seeing none. Next up is Vittorio. Hi, Vittorio Bertola. I didn't plan to come at the mic, but I did want to offer a different perspective to what Ekerl said. I think that having, and also to some of the comments I've read, in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing. So even if it means that many regulars are remote. Actually, I think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the ITF, all the international organizations, rotate and meet in new places. It is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting, to come at least once one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue. And it is up to us, not up to us. So, I think that's a good point. I think it is up to us, meaning the regulars, I don't know if I'm a regular by now, not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contributor. And to this extent, I mean, to a certain extent, it was, I mean, in multiple sessions, I saw drafts represented by newcomers being met with their usual, unfortunately, attitude by ITF regulars. So, like, I mean, condescending or outright hostility or just go away. So, I think this is, I know the ITF has been putting effort in this and changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there. And this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So, in the end, yes, it's also said honestly that there are so many members of the leadership here. I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here. But the fact that we had the largest meeting of the ITF ever and possibly the meeting with so little, maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever is something we have to think about. I think that I'm sure that all of you made all the decisions that you made. All the possible efforts to be here in person, but still the result is not satisfactory, maybe. Thanks for your comments, Vittorio. Rohan? I support the fact that we came to China. And several of us have reasons to be here. But I think that we have to think about the fact that we came to China. And several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in San Francisco. And there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks. It's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go. We need to just suck it up. Okay? Just let the process run. We need to recognize there's a lot of good faith. going on here. And not beat up everyone unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go that is going to meet all of the requirements and is going to allow this regular change of venue so that things are convenient for different people and different continents. We just need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Roberts? Hey, folks. I don't know if this is the right place to ask this. But I have a concern going to United States. Because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa, in the United어요 States you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to close any visits and normalized helps another thing. Solvent thing. Sorry. That's not our point. to have some kind of support for people that are going over there, that are afraid, because it's for any reason why. Right, I used to be an ethical hacker, so I got some personal interest at least going on. So I wanted to ask, do the organization have support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving in the United States? And what are you planning as the country is on war right now? So how is going to be the support for attendees? Yeah, thanks for bringing this up. I know people are concerned, we discussed this before. And similar to this meeting, I believe it's for everybody, individual to decide what the risks are and if you can make it on your own or not. So I think that's the point. I'm not aware, Jay, I don't know if you want to comment on that, if we can provide any legal support for individuals. I don't think we've done that in the past, at least. Roberto, no, unfortunately, that's not something we can do. It's too expensive. The liability is unlimited. It really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves. My biggest concern is that during the visa process, might be everything okay. And then we arrive over there and I have some instances of friends that have been detained. And sometimes it's not just to go back home, it's to answer over there. It's more if we risk it, the organization might at least know that we are there. You know. But thank you. We are effectively a business conference. In terms of visas. And if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming, sorry, coming to the US for that purpose, not going to work or anything like that, then, you know, there are very, in fact, I'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country, not, you know, people coming to this sort of thing. So I'm not sure if you have any other questions. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I think we have a few more questions. So I'm not sure if there are any more questions. I'm sorry. I thank you for the comment. But actually, I have some instances because of, you know, that common everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry, but thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Warren, Kamari, I think I'm next. Yes. Just a quick follow on from what Anand said. I found this to be a great venue. I think the people did a great job. And I think we have to recognize that. And I think we have to recognize that. I think that, you know, in many of the countries that we've mentioned, you know, it's not like we have to get a visa or anything, and we have to get a visa, but we have to have a visa. And so, yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa, but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries. So, you know, we have a lot of people, participants from China. That's, I think is the right thing to do and good on us. Thanks. I'm Martin. Hi. So. to either China or the US. And I would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with as one of the factors in making a decision. And I think that those people who have suggested otherwise are denying reality to some extent. So I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard. And think about metrics that matter, as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. If people are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people who turned up in person this time, if those people continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point. But yeah, I don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that. Nope. Ben. Hi there. Is my media working now? Yes. That's an excellent prelude to what I'm about to say. So I don't know. I'm not sure. I think I want to push back on Arnaud's point that this is about I actually come to the opposite conclusion of Martin about politics being important. I think that the IESG and the LLC were correct in their discussion with the community about this leading up to this selection, that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right lodestar to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time as geopolitics intrudes on our work more and more, I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world. The regulatory impositions we've seen with regard to the network are fairly unique if you look at it in global context. So I would encourage the IESG and the LLC to take a careful and close look in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced. And to take that into account as you look at future venue selections, whether the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective with the venues we select. Yeah, thanks for the suggestion, Richard. We're definitely doing that with any other venue that we're going to. Thanks. So Miriam, if I might, on that particular kind of topic, Richard, you highlight the you highlight kind of a good point, which is that about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges and is there after any meeting a learning experience on, you know, is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future? So I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to GEN Dispatch tomorrow. We have a draft being presented on the topic of network requirements. And if we if the community wants to sharpen what's required. Thank you. And if we have a discussion for the network kind of for the meeting, this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like. So please come to that discussion. The LLC, I think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus, the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria. And thanks for the plug for my draft, Raymond. I wanted to flag that a bit more broadly, though, for the IESG and LLC, right? The question was posed to the LLC and to the IESG, will this meeting be effective? Right? There was a proactive prediction that you guys were asked to make. And so I think as you're having board meetings, IESG retreats, things like that, I think it would be useful for you. These are bodies in, you know, internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turned out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future. Yeah, thanks for that addition. Tony. Hi, Tony Lee. I'm an American. The way the United States government is operating right now, the ITF cannot protect anyone. The government is running around basically bands of thugs and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they can. And so we've seen people who are legally there. We've seen people who are legally there. We've seen them detain citizens. We've seen them detain people who are legally there. There's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the US. Thanks, Tony. Yeah, I don't kind of comment on this stage. Thanks for this piece of information. Yeah. Thanks, Tony. Yeah. It's a great question. Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. Then I see one more. Benjamin? Hi. So as a new participant in meetings with the IETF, the one thing that I have learned is, at least from many of you, is that work at the IETF happens on the mailing list. So to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, actually, I think that's These are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting, and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this venue choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks, Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. We're a little over time, so I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around, and have a great evening there if you're there in person. Miriam, before we sign off, Jay, do you want to repeat the social-focused activity tonight with the light show that you sent out to the community? This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CISO. We have a light show that is going to be at 8pm for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city centre as a welcome to the IETF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the Civic Centre, where there will be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock. It's about a 10-15 minute walk. You should see you all there. Jay? Is there another question? I guess not. The microphone is off. By the way, we have provided lots of social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take any one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If this is the only room we have on'theave an amount of foundation more to welcome the audience. Just checking the seats with their people. And... Okay. Nam. My name is George A. né length of the board You can stop y bzwwa I ah Aha Come o Why, I'm pleased ev Sorry. Thank you.