Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. One more question with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF Trust. And after that is going to be the IETF Administration LLC report. And we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. This year, this time we're meeting, we're going to have the board of directors, the meeting the order is going to be the IAB, the IASG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide please. So before we get started I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site like the Secretariat, the MeetEcho team, the NOC team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that push the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments you know as quickly kind of as possible so we arrive at the meeting we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Thank you. Well thank you for that. So next I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Cai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Thank you. Les M wonders teachers invitation educating to attend the 125th IETF Conference. I am very honored. First, on behalf of the Information Management Department and the Information and Communications Management Bureau, I would like to extend my warmest congratulations to all the guests and friends who have come from afar, and to all the friends who have come from afar, and to all the friends and friends who have come from afar, I express my heartfelt thanks. As a highly influential international organization in the field of Internet, since the establishment of IETF, we have made irreplaceable contributions in the core agreement of the Internet and in the construction of structural and technical standards, and have established a solid technical foundation for the global Internet prosperity development. We express our high praise for this. China is a highly developed, open, inclusive, cooperative, and the spirit of co-sufficiency, to adhere to open and cooperative technology, to support the international exchange of Internet technology communities, to actively participate in the establishment of international technology standards, to connect and communicate with network infrastructure, to promote the construction of a peaceful, safe, open and cooperative network space, to contribute to the maintenance of the global Internet, which can be continuously expanded and innovated. At present, new technologies in the field of Internet are in full swing. Artificial intelligence and other technologies are deeply integrated with Internet, bringing opportunities for development and new challenges. We look forward to the opportunity of this conference to discuss the innovative ideas and technologies of Internet advanced technology, and we look forward to the opportunity of this conference to promote the cooperation results of more and more companies and companies, to contribute to the development of high-quality Internet industries around the world, to help us to work together to open up innovation, to strive for the future, to build a common network space and fate community, and to make digital civilization better for the global people. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and pleasant work and life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of Ciennik. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you. Mr. Xian. Mr. Xian. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right, so next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the afternoon of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here or additional facts and kind of figures and summaries since we last met, please do click on that link that says full report and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen and I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've got gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had in the United States. And we're going to be doing a lot of work on this. So as you see here, we've started the meeting, we've done everything we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So phenomenal to see the community come together. You will see that the distribution of remote and onsite is within the bands that we've had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look around, you know, you're sitting to your left are two people and, you know, one other person to your right. ITF unless you are. So one quarter of almost one quarter of participants here at the ITF have never been to a meeting before. And we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the ITF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the internet. Please join a mailing list. You know, please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes. And we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna or perhaps in San Francisco, the future venues we have for our meetings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world, and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here. And also equally unsurprising, we have a very, very robust participation from China, given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the IE, ESG has issued no statements and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements was related to an appointment to the IETF Trust and to the IPMC. So first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner who has been selected and we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP 245 moderators and I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. Next slide please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide please. Okay. I just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area primarily because everything that happens in GEN affects each and every one of you in the room because the processes defined in GEN impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and code points are specified here in IETF documents. Please join us in the IANA BIS working group. If you aspire to tailor to change or to evolve how we run the standards process how working groups operate please join us in the PROCON working group the process document and consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF please join the IPR-W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC. Next slide please. Next slide please. The IETF approach will be changed and updated to our intellectual property framework in RFC. To return back to that one announcement that I said I talk more about the MOD-POD working group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact which was RFC. Which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF. This was recently approved. Next slide. that and to implement that process, that first step is the IASG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be write those procedures and then, of course, execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the IASG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053, and they're being actively discussed on the architecture tenía y ver 알고 que nobers ap環력이 두 가지 approved cambia con코ini 해� י Consuelo BitcoinGo co-finance share-er co-affirming All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel. And this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the director of meeting operations. She's the director of the ADs and sponsorships. But she will be, unfortunately, exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those. And that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world, in an interoperable way. And to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie. And honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you. Thank you so much. And you know, best of luck with your, with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the community. So next slide please. I now turn it over to Dhruv Dhody, who congratulations is the new chair of the IAB. Hello everyone. I'm Dhruv Dhody. I'm the incoming IAB. I'm the incoming IAB. I'm the incoming IAB. I'm the incoming IAB chair. Next slide please. Perfect. Yes. So we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this, we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out. We have a lot of videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data tracker. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the APRICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen. As well as, Robin was at WSIS plus 20 high level UN meeting, where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk, who will talk about IRTF. Thank you. Dirk Kutscher, IRTF Chair, IAB Thank you, Dirk. Hello, I'm Dirk Kutscher. I'm the IRTF Chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So as IRTF Chair, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training, and so on. And so at this meeting, I have received really great support, I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young talent program in China, supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here not only this meeting, but also previously. And there is a program called the IRTF. And it's a program that's been in the US for about 20 years. And it's a program that's been in the US for about 20 years. And it's a program in Brazil that brought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And Brazilians, please stand up so that we can see you all. Welcome to the IRTF. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So they come all this way to engage with us to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And I really hope this will be worthwhile. OK, so in the IRTF, we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by CryptoForum, RASP-RG and Network Management-RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. OK. Then we have the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. These two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee, support high quality research, and also get new ideas, new people in. And ANW, the workshop, is kindly supported by ACM SICCOM and Akamai. And we do this yearly at our summer IETF meetings. So next one will be in Vienna, IETF 126. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. The Applied Networking Research Prize recognizes the best results in applied networking from last year. So what we do is we nominate top contributions in the field of applied networking. And then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones. And this is supported by ISOC, Comcast, and NBC Universal. And quite often we get a lot of good results. And then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones. And that's where we get, you know, really, really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite current at the moment in the IETF. And so just today in IETF Open, we had two AMRP winners. So we had Tianyi Gao, and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks. for his work on sending burstiness control for high quality real-time communication. Congratulations. So this week we actually had two IRTF open meetings, so one just before, and on Tuesday we had one that was dedicated on discussing internetworking research challenges for AI. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic, so we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IRTF in this field, so beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges. There's a lot of work going on in academia and in our conference, and so we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IRTF in this field, and so beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges, we wanted to figure out how can we make this useful for our larger community. So we invited two really great presentations on different aspects, and had good discussion on potential topics. So what we identified so far was testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments, like the broader distributed system and protocol design for distributed learning and inference platforms, and so on. So what we identified so far was testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments, like the broader distributed system and protocol design for distributed learning and inference platforms, and new architectures coming out, and new abstractions for collective communications, and so on. But also more principled approaches towards agent communication. Also a hot topic in all of these site meetings, and also the booth this morning. So the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of naming, identity, trust delegation, and also group communication. So we have two different topics, and yeah, finally we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google, and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from Asia, really good gender balance. And so we are already in the middle of the year, and we are looking forward to the next year. And we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested, or if you know somebody who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you., thank you. So this is my last report as the ITF NomCom chair for this cycle. These were the people of the NomCom 25-26 cycle. The voting members, some of them are here. So please thank them if you see them in the hallway. I've seen one of my NomCom members in the Tokyo remote. So people in Tokyo, thank him also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Dejan. Good. But it's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So we're very happy with the current selection. So we had one selection for this year. So we had one selection for this year. So we had one selection for this year. So we had one selection for this year. So we had one selection for this year. One selection for the LLC board, one for the trust, ITF trust and IPMC. Six selection candidates, selected candidates for the IAB, a two-term period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas candidates and the sign for the, for a period of two years. So I'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the IAB. Thank you. And I look forward to the next term, willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity. Of course, that's something that's important to us, to our community and also to the non-com. We got a day training this year, like last year, about unconscious bias, et cetera. So that's important. I think that's something that the non-com was very aware of. Also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations. Some highlights here are, well, not a highlight per se. There's no gender diversity improvement this cycle. So we're aware of that. We're conscious of that. But of course, we try to improve every year. But this is an observation here. We improved on regional diversity. That's a good thing. So different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. So there's a constant improvement here. And we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline. Young people, new leadership, next-generation leadership. And we also hear that from the community. In every review, all the reviews we receive, thank you, the ITF community, for your reviews, for your feedback. It's important and stressed. Think about new generation, about the next generation leadership. So with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the non-com members always ask about thinking about your succession. And luckily, most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for or nominees actually for the next generation. So that's a good thing. And then the next generation. And of course, it's up to the non-com in one, two, three, four years to select the nominee. But it's good that we have nominees to select from. So thanks. Yeah, as I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place. But we can always do better. So it's a constant process. Another thing is, well, lessons learned. The first bullet point is that we are not just a team. We are a team. We are a team. So the first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before. It's a good document, our RFC 8713. But they're impractical situations. It doesn't say anything about, well, new situations or things we haven't thought of. So, well, there's one thing mentioned. The chair can with the non-com always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process. Well, an accepted or a not expected situation. So it works. As in the same bullet point here, the non-com process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. And that works also. But and that's now a new point. I want to work on at least some basic documentation, how the things work. Some steps, basic steps at least. How to proceed through the non-com as a chair. And that could also help with the help of, well, kind of delegating tasks to the secretary. Because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary. So it's good to have some documentation. And mostly the practical stuff. That's yeah. And also for myself, at least. During the deliberations, I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just to be a simple process. But I was counting the yes and no's for simple. But yes, maybe no. That becomes more difficult. And then you have all kinds of rankings. So I think for the next year, it's good to have this little bit automated so it can focus on the process and on the discussions and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes. So finally. Yeah. Thank you. So I would like to give everybody some words of thanks. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the non-com chair for this cycle. It was very. Learn. Well, I learned a lot and was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Also, the ITF community was very supportive. In the beginning, I made some mistakes. And as you are, you directly send me an email that I made a mistake. But it was always supportive. People help me out. So thank you. And then I also want to thank the non-com voting members who are very, very dedicated. So I was a great team. I mentioned that already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chairs, advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice. It's almost I get an award for the Oscar Academy Awards with all the thank yous. Good. So I want to leave the stage. I want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the non-com. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also you learn a lot of things about the ITF process, about the people in the ITF and and its processes. Thank you. And I just wanted to say thank you to all the volunteers who are here. I want to thank you all for your hard work. I want to thank you all for your hard work. I know that I'm a little bit taller than I am. And I was on the non-com. And I will echo, please do the non-com. It's a really great experience. You learn so much. And you meet some great people. Anyways, I'm Glen Dean. And I'm the outgoing chair of the IPMC Corporation. And I'm the ITF trust. This is our report to ITF 125. So non-coms do what they do. And the IESG does what it does. And they both appoint people to the ITF trust and the IPMC board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burden who has served us as an IESG appointee. Kristen was really helpful. She was a great help. She's a lawyer by training. Very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing doing the ITF IPMC creation and setup. So thank you very much for Kristen for your service to the ITF trust and the IPMC. Then there's this guy. He's been around for quite a while. And one trivia bit about the ITF trust and the IPMC roles is they have a lot of experience. And one of the things that I've learned from working with the ITF is they are not term limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term limited. We like people to stick around the ITF trust to build up institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever. And this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for in the ITF. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants. And I learned so much by being a part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it this coming year when the NOMCOM is appointing another person. So thank you for letting me be in that role. I've really enjoyed it. Thank you. So we have a new set of directors for the ITF IPMC. A couple of them are carrying over, but we've got two new ones. Lars Egret is coming in, as is Sean Turner. And we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers. So I'd like to announce that Wendy Seltzer has taken on the role of IPMC president. Sean Turner, who I think is in the Tokyo remote, is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer, which Wendy has vacated. And Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary. Likewise, the ITF trust is in the final throes, but we still needed some people around to close up shop. And so the decision was made that the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust, will be Wendy. So thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. All right. So that's the in and the out stuff. Let's talk about what we've been doing. So we like to give a report. And usually these numbers are zero, because, you know, trust is set up to be very boring. And when everything's perfect, it is very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN1 module from RFC 9881. So there we got one. The other good news, though, is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good if you deal in intellectual property assets. So here's the other big update. We've got a new license. We've got a new license. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who have been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal and now. We had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA Act. We took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So this formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC operates under. And that was it for a 60-day review. All of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. This one's big. We've been working for a couple years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the ITF intellectual property assets from the ITF trust into the IPMC corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP, except for patents. The IPMC does not do patents. For the ITF. And that is a major milestone. So hold your applause for that one because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major moment. It's something we've been working to for years. And I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet, though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function, is still in process because we need some signatures. There's agreements that establish the role of the IPMC. There's a role of the ITF trust with relation to the IANA. And there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the ITF trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I no longer was the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on the behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures on, sign the documents so we can get that thing done. And some final things. We have a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation. Because if you look at the ITF documentation, it's got the word ITF trust all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF ITMC as the successor to that. So that draft's out there and it's active. It's all that URL for the IPR WG email list. And finally, the trust legal provisions. The legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions, so we can keep that same acronym, are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the IPMC is now the party holding the assets to the ITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. Same terms, if your lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though. Since that draft, or that document was first written, version five, the editorial stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there'll be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And they'll be published for comment for a 30-day period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for a couple of years. We've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristen. But I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF Trust. It served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank. And it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over. And it does its final tax filing. It's done. So I really did want to have a hand for the ITF Trust because it has made this what is the ITF functional. And it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as ITF trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do. Which is good because it means they didn't get sued. No drama, no excitement. But anyways, for the ITF Trust and for all the people who volunteer, can I please have a round of applause. And that is how to contact the ITMC and get more stuff. George. Don't leave the stage. So, Glenn, thank you for your many years of service. And allow me to present you with this plaque. . . . . Hello and welcome. My name is Jay Daly. I'm the ITF Executive Director. Nice to see so many people in the room. So this is the administrative report for the IETF and I'll start by thanking our IETF 125 host CN Nick and our co-host Xinguang University, the Internet Society of China, CCSA and the Computer Network Information Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Thank you very much. I also want to thank very much Huawei, our special contributor and social event sponsor. Those of you who came last night to the social event, I'm sure will remember that. That is the best social event we have had. That was spectacular. Thank you. And then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor ZTE, to our local sponsor, ZTE, and to our local sponsor, ZTE. Thank you. And our local supporters, Coremail. Thank you. I also want to thank our IETF 125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion. Thank you very much to Akamai and Huawei. Thank you very much to Huawei. And thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for IETF 125. We have Comcast and ICANN for diversity and inclusion. We have ZTE for sustainability. ICANN and CN Nick for running code and DENick and Nominate for the open Internet. Thank you all very much. And then finally, thank you to our equipment, services and connectivity sponsors, without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the IETF than we do currently. Thank you very much to all of you. Thank you. I should particularly like to note China Mobile and China Unicom who have helped very much with this conference. We have staff. We have staff on site helping us out with our Wi-Fi, which is really going above and beyond. Thank you very much. Every meeting, it seems, our logos get more and more desirable. So once again, I'm happy to tell you, you can get our swag from the online store. And we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start. We are selling more of our swag here at the meeting, particularly for those people who go running, such as our current IETF chair. So I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out. We, in building the IETF tools and in running the IETF NOC, We rely on multiple people who give their time freely to help that work so thank you very much to all of those people and um rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this but i think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here so we have the secretariat me taco and the knock thank you all very much for your work um here at itf 125 we only have a subset of the itf staff so i'm on site clearly i also have greg with me and three of our senior developers they are staffing the tools help desk so please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them we also have the rpc staff at ietf 125 alana alice and sandy are here they are also staffing a desk so if you have any questions about rpcs sorry rfcs or the editing process please go and speak to them and we have the full secretariat on site as well so this is a simple diagram of the current structure there so um look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support see them if you need to want to speak about anything particular then please speak to them as well so finally on the thanks thank you to our global hosts our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the ietf and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need thank you very much so ietf 126 vienna registrations are open this will be in july we are expecting to come we are just about to sign with the host for the meeting so that's good news for us and i hope very much to see as many as possible of you there so looking forward to the next meeting and i hope to see you there in july so thank you very much thank you very much um we have vienna coming up and then after that we have itf 127 in san francisco and since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced verisign as the host of that meeting ietf128 in asia we are still in the negotiations with it generally takes us quite some time to negotiate asian venues they are more complicated we often have to use convention centers and us being a us company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship so that's going ahead um we certainly aim to announce that by vienna um it's possible itf129 europe that was due to be signed and then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day so we are just trying to work through that and then we'll be able to announce that um hopefully quite shortly IETF 130 has now been announced, that is the Hyatt Regency Vancouver that we have been back to a number of times and we are of course looking for a meeting host for that. IETF 131 in Asia, we have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues and we are hoping to, we are in the negotiations now about that so that is moving forward. IETF 132 Europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out and IETF 133 is not on here, North America but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in South America for that. So that is where we currently are with our meetings booking. We are a little bit behind but we have so many of them quite close that we will catch up quickly and then we will be a bit ahead I think by the end of the year. So that is it from me, thank you very much. Handing over to Miriam. Thanks Jay. I hope you can hear me and see me. My name is Miriam Kuehne, I am the chair of the LLC board, that is more correct and I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term. I am studying at this meeting. I think Cindy is going to control my slides so please go on to the next slide. Yes, this is the full board. You can see here Gonzalo and George are there with you in person. Roman as you saw was online, I am online here and Shona cannot join us for this meeting. But you are all watching. So next slide please. Yeah, this is the kind of traditional financial overview. I am not going to go through all the numbers, you can do that in your own time. I mean for transparency reasons obviously we put them here on the slide so they will be published. You see some notes there so if you go to the next slide you will see some explanations, more details can be found always in the financial statements that we publish every month and then also at the end of the year. Overall one thing to note here is that there are some like higher numbers as budgeted so the positive variables. Okay. So the positive variables are there are mostly comprised of additional endowment contributions which always welcome ISOC matching funds, also the annual contributions from ISOC and some unrealized gains from investments that we have there. So that's good news. So next slide please. Just some items that the board is currently working on. We are still working on the secretariat contract we tendering that's ongoing. We've done some work on the financial statements. We've published the 2026 budget after consultation of the community consultations. So that's out on the website. As you've seen we've piloted the remote room, we piloted this like new feature with remote rooms for ITF meetings and I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions that seems to work really well and so well thanks mostly to LLC staff and there Greg Wood I think took the lead for making this possible. And we're going to evaluate the experiences with this after the meeting and see how we can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual retreat in April, the board retreat. We're preparing for that to look at like future planning for the strategy, risk register and other plans that we're doing kind of on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here. But it's certainly also on our mind, our meeting network and the meeting locations. And I really want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists, specifically also on meeting networks. And we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed tomorrow, I believe in GEN dispatch. And then we'll see where that goes after that. And so yeah, please stay tuned. Watch that space and contribute to that work. Next slide, please. You can also contribute to our work by participating in our board meetings. We have a monthly board meeting. Here are the dates. They are also on the website. And Michelle, our secretary, she always sends out announcements for the board meetings. So they're open to observers, at least like partially part of the meetings. We also have some closed sessions with staff and Jay. But yes. You can join us for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to our work. Next slide, please. I think that's about it. Yes, you can find a lot more information on the websites from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements. And also here are a number of mailing address, mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. Admin discusses our generic kind of administrative mailing lists where most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. . . . . . . . . . .