Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. So we're going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF trust. And after that is going to be the IETF administration LLC report. And we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. This year, this time we're meeting with the IETF, and we're going to use the have a series we're meeting the order is going to be the IAB the IASG and then the IETF LLC. Next slide please. So before we get started I wanted to you know give a whole a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site like the Secretariat, the Meet ECHO team, the NOC team and all the LSA staff but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that pushed the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments you know as quickly kind of as possible so we arrive at the meeting we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution please join me in welcoming them. Well thank you for that. So next I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Kai the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for so for a welcome and a greeting for us here. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and the spirit of the Internet, to adhere to open and cooperative technology, to support the international exchange of Internet technology communities, to actively participate in the creation of international technology standards, to connect and communicate with network infrastructure, to promote the construction of a peaceful, safe, open and cooperative network space, to contribute to the maintenance of the global Internet, which can be continuously expanded and innovated. At present, the new technology in the Internet field is growing rapidly. The integration of artificial intelligence and other technologies into the Internet has brought opportunities for development and new challenges. We look forward to the opportunity of this conference to discuss the innovative and innovative ideas of Internet advanced technology, and we look forward to the opportunity of this conference to promote the creation of more inclusive cooperation strategies for all parties, to contribute to the development of high-quality Internet industries around the world, to help us work together to open up innovation, to build a common network space and fate community, to make digital civilization better for the global people. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and pleasant work and life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of CNNIC. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. President Xi, już jsut ra éclair magnetic tứ gi grantedскê<|es|> All right. Next slide. We now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here or additional facts and kind of figures and summaries since we last met, please do click on that link that says full report and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen and I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting. We've had anywhere based on the registration count. So phenomenal to see the community to come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we've had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look around, you're sitting to your left are two people and one other person to your right. One of those people is new to the IETF. The other one is a new member of the IETF. So you have to be in the IETF and you have to be able to meet them. And you have to be in the IETF unless you are. So one quarter of almost one quarter of participants here at the IETF have never been to a meeting before. And we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the IETF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the Internet. Please join a mailing list. You know, please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face to face time concludes. And we're excited to see you all in San Francisco, the future venues we have for our meetings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world. And you can see some of the more detailed statistics here. And also equally unsurprising, we have a very, very robust participation from China, given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the IE ESG has issued no statements. And we're excited to see you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That was a Ginollaro. I've remember you. It's my honor to introduce our independent senior at the inaugural debate. Thank you, disparities, ambassadors from the strategic sector for humans and humanity. Can you give hints to us more specifically? Yeah, thanks. uh we continue to process appeals uh we received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them you can see from the historical from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years next slide please uh i just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area primarily because everything that happens in gen affects each and every one of you in the room uh because the processes defined in gen impact every working group and everything published in the itf stream to showcase if you are interested in anything related to how ian and code points are specified here in itf documents please join us in the ian abyss working group if you aspire to to take a look at this in the next slides perhaps you can take a look at this as well or maybe you could take a look at this in the next slides about what's happening in the general area primarily because tailor to change or to evolve how we run the standards process how working groups operate please join us in the procon working group the process documenting consolidations if you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the ietf please join the ipr-w working group actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the ipmc and updates to our intellectual property framework in rfc 5378 to to return back to that one announcement that i i said i talked more about the mod pod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary their primary artifact which was rfc 9945 which defines a new approach to community moderation in the ietf this was recently released by the ietf recently approved to realize that and to implement that process that first step is the isg needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be write those procedures and then of course execute them as moderators we are calling to the community if uh to to we are have a call to the community to seek moderators so if you are interested in that role please let the isg know also if you think someone would be excellent in that role even if it is not you they're not you they're not you they're not you they're not you they're not you they're not you We welcome that feedback as well, and we'll consider it, and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053, and they're being actively discussed on the architecture and the design process, and we're looking at that as well. It appears we've lost Roman. If you could please stand by for one minute. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised, and so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the... the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel, and this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgment. We're going to be working with the ADs to develop those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the director of meeting operations and sponsorships. But she will be... unfortunately exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those. And that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the... to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world in an interoperable kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. But she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the meeting ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie. And honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends. I think it's going to be a very, very, very long time. And I think it's going to be a very, very long time. And I think it's going to be a very, very long time. And I think it's going to be a very, very long time. And I think it's going to be a very, very long time. And I think it's going to be a very, very long time. And I think it's going to be a very, very long time. Thank you so much. Thank you so much on behalf of the panel. So, next slide, please. I now turn it over to Dhruv Dhodi, who, congratulations, is the new chair of the IAB. Dhruv Dhodi, IABE Chair of the IAB Hello, everyone. I'm Dhruv Dhodi. I'm the incoming IAB chair. Next slide, please. Perfect. Yes. So, we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this, we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out, and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out, those videos. As well as the video, we have a link to the IAB website. And the videos of the whole workshop, everything is available on our IAB page and data tracker. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen. And then, of course, Robin was at WSIS plus 20 high-level UN meeting, where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk, who will talk about IRTF. DIRK TALBOTIJANI- Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Dirk. Thank you, Dirk. Thank you, Dirk. Thank you, Dirk. Thank you, Dirk. Thank you, Dirk. Thank you, Dirk. Hello, I'm Dirk Kutscher. I'm the IRTF chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So as IRTF chair, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training, and so on. And so at this meeting, we're going to talk about the impact of the IRTF. So at this meeting, I have received really great support, I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young talent program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here, not only this meeting, but also previously. And there is a program in Brazil. So that's a program that's been in Malaysia for about 20 years. And it's a program in Brazil that brought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And could the Brazilians maybe please stand up so that we can see you all. Welcome to the IRTF. So they come all this way to engage with us, to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And I really hope this will be worthwhile. Okay, so in the IRTF, we have 16 research groups at the moment, and 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by Crypto Forum, RASP-RG, and Network Management-RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. Thank you. And then we have the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. That's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee, support high-quality research, and also get new ideas, new people in. And ANW, the workshop, is kindly supported by ACM SICOM and Akamai. And we do this yearly at our summer IRTF meetings. So next one will be in Vienna, IRTF 126. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. The Applied Networking Research Prize recognizes the best results in applied networking from, like, last year. So what we do is we nominate, like, top contributions in the field of applied networking, and then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones. And this is supported by ISOC, Comcast, and NBC Universal. And quite often we get, you know, really, really top papers on topics that are really, really relevant and also quite current at the moment in the IRTF. And so just today in IRTF Open, we had two ANWP winners. So we had Tianyi Gao, and he was awarded for his work on transport-level encryption for data handler networks, and Xiangjie Huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high-quality real-time communication. So, thank you very much for your contributions. So this week we actually had two IRTF Open meetings, so one just before. And on Tuesday we had one that was dedicated on discussing internetworking research challenges for AI. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic, so we wanted to figure out what could be done. What could be a productive role for the IRTF in this field? So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges. There's a lot of work going on in academia and, you know, conference and so on. We want to figure out, okay, how can we make this useful for our larger community? So we invited two really great presentations on different aspects and had good discussion on potential topics. So what we identified so far was, you know, testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments, like a bit broader distributed system and protocol design for distributed learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming out and, you know, new abstractions for, like, collective communications and so on. But also more principled approaches towards agent communication. You know, also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the this morning. But so the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of, you know, naming, identity, trust delegation, and also group communication. And yeah, finally, we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community. From underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google, and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from, from Asia. Really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested or if you know somebody who might be, please let them know. thank you very much thank you so thank you so this is my last report as the itf nomcom chair for this cycle these were the people of the nomcom 25 26 cycle the voting members some of them are here so please thank them if you see them in the hallway i've seen i've seen one of my uh non-comm members in the tokyo remote up so people in tokyo thank him also and here are the the non-voting members the liaisons and my advisor deon good but that's not it's not about us it's about selection for this year so we're very happy with the current selection so we had one can one selection for the llc board one for the trust itf trust and ipmc six selection candidates selected candidates for the ib two uh period and for this year the igf chair and for the six areas candidates and assigned for the for a period of two years so i'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term willing to serve the itf thank you very much good one thing i want to mention is diversity of course that's something that's important to us to our community and also to the nomcom uh we got a day training this year like last year about unconscious bias etc so that's important um i think that's something that the nomcom was very aware of also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations and to give a mention to uh the conversation about human rights of this agora conciliar tonight and then we 방법ico incorporated international administration member from united states to would like to thank these two seront the association of indigenous and non-alignment responsibility and to erg the changing role of the community so in the course of the音 na Saudia president so th twitter action east to the region osama bin abedin α'aah the opposition to instagram and that story of a protection for diversity included understanding and privacy this entire uptick that has all been a significant point of affirm an imp 120 121 Toka Women's University of boulevard furious obviously factor that そ cuer Shadi Down low as we use I spread my Dokis as always these days here are some university in current events while talk about the y magic i redraw ed is another good thing is so we don't like to Midnight try to improve the process and the awareness of everything um i call it here the leadership pipeline young people new leadership next generation leadership and we also hear that from the community in every review all the reviews we receive thank you the itf community for your reviews for your feedback on the on the nominees it's important and stressed think about new generation about the next generation leadership so with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position the nom com members always ask about thinking about your succession and luckily most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for or nominees actually for the next non-com cycle and of course it's up to the nom com in one two three four years two select the nominee but it's good that we have nominees to select from so thanks um yeah as i already said we are aware of it we are doing our best we are in a good place but we can always do better so it's a constant process another thing is well lessons learned the first first bullet point is the same as last year and as a lot the year before um it's a good document and uh we want to uh to store it in a very GOD now that we are interpreting it how we had some very fun conversations and the other thing is that the law our in the 50s was established andWe'll talk a little bit more about but then we now think about what's actually the best way that different切 to be put out to you in the future you know uh er work point here the nomcom process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition and that works also but and that's now now a new point i want to work on at least some basic documentation how the things work some steps basic steps at least how to proceed through the nomcom as a chair and that could also help with the help of well kind of delegating tasks to the secretary because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary so it's good to have some documentation and mostly the practical stuff um that's yeah and also for myself at least during the deliberations i spent a little bit too much time on the voting it's just to be a simple process but i was counting yes and those are simple but yes maybe no that becomes more difficult and then you have all kind of rankings so i think for the next year it's good to have this a little bit automated so it can focus on the process and on the discussions and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes so finally um yeah some words of thanks i want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the nomcom chair and the director of the nomcom association and the nomcom chair for this cycle was very learn well i learned a lot and was super interesting and it was very rewarding um also the itf community was very supportive in the beginning i made some mistakes and as you are you would directly send me an email that i made a mistake but it was always supportive people helped me out so thank you um also the non-convoting members were very very dedicated so it was a great team i mentioned that already during the the november and the november itf meeting and again the chairs advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice it's almost i get an uh an award for the oscar academy awards with all the thank yous good um before i leave the stage i want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the nomcom it's a lot of work yes it is but it's also you look at the numbers and you see that it's a lot of work and you learn every lot of things about the itf process about the people in the itf and and its processes thank you you == == == == == == == == == == == == uh nomcoms do what they do and the isg does what it does and they they both appoint people to the itf trust and the ipmc board in this cycle we say goodbye to kristen burden who has served us as an iesg appointee kristen was really helpful she's a lawyer by training uh very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing uh doing the itf ipmc uh creation and setup so thank you very much for kristen for your service to the itf trust and the ipmc then there's this guy he's been around for quite a while and one trivia bit about the itf trust and the ipmc roles is they are not term limited many of our roles at the itf are term limited we like people stick around the itf trust to build up our institutional knowledge and to be able to provide the support that they need to be able to provide the support that they need and be able to really help the organization that doesn't mean you stick around forever and this guy is leaving uh after sticking around for a little while so i i i've had a lot of fun i've learned a lot of stuff i will say if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the itf this is a great role to apply for in the future when i started it back in the day i was terrified i was walking in the shadow of giants and i learned so much by being part of it i really highly recommend that you consider it uh this coming year when the nomcom is appointing another person so uh thank you for letting me be that role i've really enjoyed it so we have a new set of uh directors for the itf ipmc a couple of them are carrying over but we've got two new ones lars egret is coming in as is sean turner and we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers so i'd like to announce that wendy seltzer has taken on the role of ipmc president sean turner who i think is in in the tokyo uh remote is taking on the role of ipmc treasurer which wendy is vacated uh and uh lars will be in the next role and the other officers will be taking on the ipmc secretary likewise uh the the idea of trust is in the final throws but we still needed uh some people around to close up shop and so the decision was made that the person uh that will be the trust chair uh for the very final role of the trust will be wendy so uh thank you wendy for taking on both roles um i think that one of the big customizedлена in this class uh is uh warm Seiten uh we've got our Licensing number Eloy in Milan you forgot his name i im sorry we don't know his real name yet but he has received a littel information that has a haven to do with contracts and spending in your training center i think because you their年的keitt The other good news, though, is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good if you deal in intellectual property assets. So here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who have been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal and now. We had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So it's formally updated. It connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC operates under. And that was up for a 60-day review. All of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. This one's big. We've been working for a couple years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the IETF intellectual property assets from the IETF Trust into the IPMC Corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP, except for patents. The IPMC does not do patents for the IETF. And that is a major milestone. So hold your applause for that one because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major moment. It's something we've been working to for years. And I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet, though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function, is still in process because we need some signatures. There's agreements that establish the role of the IETF Trust with relation to the IANA. And there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the IETF Trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I no longer was the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on the behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who were waiting for signatures on, sign the document so we can get that thing done. And some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation. Because if you look at the IETF documentation, it's got the word ITF Trust all over the place. We have a draft out there. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF IPMC as the successor to that. So that draft's out there and is active. I saw that URL for the IPR WG email list. And finally, the Trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the TECNIC legal provisions, so we can keep that same acronym, are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the IPMC is now the party holding the document. So that's the first thing that we're doing. The second thing is we're updating the assets to the IETF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. Same terms, if your lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes, though. Since that document was first written, version 5, the editorial stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative documents. So that's a new way it works. And so there will be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And it will be published for comment for a 30-day period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristen. But I think we should also do an outgoing for the IETF Trust. It's served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point I think about $1,200 in the bank. And it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over, and it does its final tax filings, it's done. So I really did want to have a hand for the IETF Trust because it has made this what is the IETF functional. And it's done it for 20 years. 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as IETF trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do, which is good because it means they didn't get sued. No drama, no excitement. But anyways. So I'm really grateful for the IETF Trust and for all the people who volunteered. Please have a round of applause. And that is how to contact the IPMC and get more stuff. George. Don't leave the stage. So Glenn, thank you for your many years of service. And I'm happy to present you with this plaque. . . So, Eric, the other ongoing entity. And, by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be an entity, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of Ops AID. Jim. . And I'm happy to be here. Thank you. teacher. Mike Bishop with AD. Gorry Fairhurst renewing AD for WIT. Tommy. Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents. I don't know if we have enough questions and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your assorted dispatch, groups and BOFs taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you're going to volunteer to write some text? So I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need some another type of a form or something like that. to fill out. We should take that and try to work on it. Okay. All right. Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up. Okay. So we're all just realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the Edge on TTI. We're still kind of a bit unaccompanied. So I would just say it first of all, it's good for the Hessen organization on being so friendly with the government at the moment, but in fact, an important part and , and how the on-site room helps people from Molt作كون便, an main department of the Chinese office and» would make a lot of big statements on the Need for Legends. So that means we're still darker yeah. But I think one of the issues is that development and service is really important. надо is there a geodesyn Backup space? Sh conformity at the Center or at the Celsius or temperate Melend Caitlin exam los tools? Approximately. I'm in Minsk. Nobody's hearing about military and intelligence. On we lost and again we need to have something just from a timing perspective in july so that means it is from now to july to do something and uh to be very direct i would i would like to see a little bit more prescription just to use that word from from the leadership here to say the guidance is this whatever you guys want to do okay but i think we need to be a bit more driven to um to stop this uh this entropy level so thoughts yeah i would say we've heard from multiple angles or no like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of ai and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting i think the the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process uh and you know in a sense how do we do that uh recognizing that we have certain strengths in the ietf with how we run things in tightly bound charters and you know what is the approach to on ramp it you know in there the boff you know that we just had in catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of i'm sure many things we we need to do and this is going to be a topic that the that the isu takes up at its uh at its uh strategy meeting slash kind of offsite Pok Akt chip is what i want to say uh there's a few things i think that that at the time we uh in the, in the endeavour to advance that i think the the Aaronicopa referring to the ietz picture is really giving me a sense of experiences um of the kind of thing an audio... materialization of that energy system in quite a way that's a travel do you think that has been incredibly helpful with that or how to convert the energy not just an ai inside meetings into structures in the in the standards process groups that have been meeting inside meetings would like to make use of i volunteer my two fellow art ids to take your requests but i do think meeting between meetings is something that we should we should definitely be considering given the level of interest thanks uh thanks sorry so the the uh i cannot do that for you i mean i don't know enough what what's possible but that that's certainly a possibility just as a point of benchmark and i know i have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states so we you we had the first meeting on agentiki this week thanks to adrian uh and the team on the catalyst great job that's step one for me step one started december 24th so in 15 months i am where i am but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus alignments understanding creation restructuring so just think about the time it takes to get there and time is evaporating the industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment and we have a societal problem we have other requirements that are not being taken into account there is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom-up approach and don't see certain requirements so we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well other sdos working in this space so that we can accelerate each other that's my message thank you yeah strongly agree uh to solve the ai problem or ai kind of standardization is going to take not not only this organization but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other sdos and professional kind of organizations and open source to to kind of get us get us there okay thank you uh so Ijun you're next in the queue yeah i'm from 5-10 i have the similar cancer for the working of the agent is the itf you know in this meeting there are about uh over 16 side meetings related to the ai and i think many of them contain of many content many of them contained either overlapped so i think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work you want more formal manners okay yeah thank you thank you kind of for that feedback uh again to repeat a little bit of what i said kind of prior uh the catalyst buff is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the out of the side meetings i would also reiterate that ai is not a homogeneous topic uh it intersects uh intersects many if not all of the areas we already have if the topics that we want to bring bring in our intersections of the existing work that we of the existing areas that we have each one of those has some mechanism to to onboard whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working groups so we should also leverage those processes just because again something is ai does not necessarily require a special onboarding path uh martin yeah martin duke uh contrary to popular belief i'm not in tokyo um uh i was present at the the the creation of the mega dispatch experiment however many itfs ago that was and i i kind of feel like the uh i'm very i'm conscious probably more than most people the how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an itf but i think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that um in particular the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch at all on on monday morning um that proved to be too hard i think pretty quickly we collapsed that to you know really self-contained groups that that really have no interaction with anything else but we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users uh for the power itf users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work and uh yeah i happen to be chair of the moq of moq now um my working group has actually moved to monday morning it contains many itf and power users it moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this but i just i just want to leave the comment with the isd let's let's try to preserve that that model for dispatch we can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas thanks yeah thank you uh thank you kind of martin uh where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together ended up with this federated a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like sec wit and art but the other areas are distinct so we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction uh okay next up uh roberta you're next time hi uh i have a question related to maybe from foundational uh knowledge for some of the issues that we have with ai i don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering uh work specifically that would be the known working groups but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the you know some of the terms that has a connection with it for example for agent take ai agents and ai itself uh where uh would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of you know the foundational models those kind of informations that might make difference for the way that people do drafts is there a place that we can you know join information and do some maybe a state of art of some of the the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it i don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the ietf i think the answer would be to produce an id an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you're going to have to have a lot of different ways to do that and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to end even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer you to others right and i've done it multiple times dm is in art he started an end for instance right so it's quite common we go to each other all right uh so i'm seeing the queue line uh empty would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment i'm pausing waiting james james we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic i think we have a hot mic james we okay you have dropped okay any other questions okay in that case uh isg thank you and we'll move to the next uh of our open mics hello i hope you can hear me this is the llc's open mic and if all is well george and gonzalo will make up their way to the stage well roman and i are remote i i guess george is still there oh there's jay i can see you all taking seats taking up your seats great thanks i think we are ready do you want to do a quick introduction please on stage starting with george george michaelson llc board montalo camarillo llc board jay daly itf executive director then we have you roman uh roman general lc board and miriam kuna llc board um let's see a list of um of people in the queue so rahul go first please oh camera is facing the wrong way uh doesn't matter uh i want to raise a question that uh relates to the in-person fee waiver. I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the process is as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences than rather than us who are living in Asia, because even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India, I need to travel to China, I need a visa and that process takes easily one to two months. And for that reason, last, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous IETF. I had explained that the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me in advance itself that it's not possible for you to make that decision. Unfortunately, I basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last minute travel because even last minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me are going to want to come to IETF. I'm been bringing work consistently to IETF. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global south can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF and they learned of a similar situation actually did move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So let me take that question, Miriam, because this isn't an LLC matter. This is the IETF chair matter. So yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. You're exactly right. The IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach for the things giving out by the IETF chair is one month out. And that's largely historically been done to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long-term kind of sustainment and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF is run. So there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for why those fee waivers are handed out. But your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa, they have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges. So it may take time for that, but it's a very significant step in the paperwork process. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And I won't commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches, one to continue doing it as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage the, to make sure that we're not just going to have to have to wait until the next meeting to get those approvals because I do, I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after typically meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So stay tuned around. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Mark. Hi, I'm Mark Nottingham. So in the presentation, we said the secretariat contract is still being renegotiated. And I personally do not think Green House is even completely clear on why these integral болееillance agreements could be renegotiated. I do hope that Senator Sansara did not on purpose repeat that, just to feel Starbucks in, or text these checks in again. And then I move with Mark and Roman to that Zelda feminine part as well. Once Mr. vir raw to his Weatherman watch wanted to have a little while göthen torah gym permitir r throw. Thanks, Jay. Next up is Andrew. Hi, good morning, hopefully, good evening rather, hopefully you can hear me. I just want to say I was in the ICANN meeting in Mumbai last week, which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue. ICANN's agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITF's, yet from my perspective the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge the community to consider India as a future venue. I think it would be excellent for us to go there and ICANN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. Pete? Hi. In the past, couple of weeks actually, once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments which at least are interpretable as the IETF LLC is the IETF. For some of us old crusty folks, that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That the SDO is completely independent. The IETF is completely independent of the LLC as sort of part of the charter of the LLC. That there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the IETF, as far as I know, the IETF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some, you know, some sort of a, you know, a, you know, a, you know, a, you know, a, you know, a, you know, a, you know, a, you know, a, you know, a, you know, some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper, or if I'm missing something. Yeah, thanks for bringing this up, Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to. And if there is any confusion, I don't know, Jay, if you want to comment on that. But I don't think we would say the, you know, the LLC is equals the IETF. No. Yeah. So to be clear, Pete, I will say that the LLC is the IETF. Yeah. So to be clear, Pete, I will say that the LLC is the IETF. Yeah. So to be clear, Pete, I will say that the LLC is the IETF. Yeah, I don't agree with that. I'm not saying that the IETF LLC as an SDO, what I was saying was that the IETF LLC is constructed to, at times, be the LLC – sorry, to, at times, be the IETF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the IETF, then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up, and it will not be on behalf of those, because those people are not going to get the IETF. Yeah, and this is the kind of thing that I see. If somebody takes legal action against people have no legal liability or anything in those cases it will be the IETF LLC this is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it the IETF LLC is one of those moving parts the community has created it and controls it and has given it a role and at times in that bowl it has to be the IETF the other one I gave you example was the trading name that the IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF for things okay so what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation and to say that that nuanced view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that the problem the problem I have is you know I think it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's if the IETF the SDO was dragged into court for some reason I believe the LLC would go to court I don't think that makes the LLC the IETF the IETF the SDO is those 7 000 individuals now I don't know how a court deals with that problem but at least within the community there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF the SDO and if for purposes of contracting and other things a DBA does not bother me if the IETF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing business as the IETF whatever that's a business relationship but in this community when speaking in this community making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO I think is important and I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake well thanks for pointing this out Pete I don't know how to respond to this at this stage I will I think at this point it's a clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake wasn't in there when the comments were made. But yeah, we'll discuss this and how to make sure to not come across as confusing, apparently. Thanks. Jean? Hi, thanks. Jean-Francois Keralt. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with the visas. In our particular case, we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows. And unfortunately, we just got their approval two days too late corresponding to their flights. That's nobody's fault. I mean, it's just the way it goes. I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed, whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how they would apply to visas. So what we discovered that we ourselves, that's our fault, we did not pay attention to. The Chinese New Year was right in the middle. And so for 10, 12 days, the embassy was closed in Delhi. And that just delayed the whole thing. What would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time, and decent time to get the visas done, because of that closure, it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that was ever a part of the thinking process. And if not, would it be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into on the way? Yeah, thanks, John. I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist for the meeting when you're planning, but it's a good point. It's probably not always going to be possible to add this into the planning cycle, but it's definitely something we can take into account. Thank you. Who's next? Eric. Hi. Hi. Hi. So there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting about the suitability of this venue and whether people would be able to attend. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in, the majority of participants were remote, and also a huge fraction of leadership, including by my count, the majority of the IESG and the IAB are remote. Do you have any comments? Do you have any comments about what exactly? About the suitability of this venue. In light of those facts. Well, I can point you to Roman's statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and on-site compared to other meetings. And I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to work really well, actually, especially also for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization, including you, by the way, I would notice. Yes, including myself, and I'm participating remotely. This is not the only ITF I'm not participating in person. I mean, so I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean, there are a lot of people on site, especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems to have worked out well. I don't know if there are any other comments from other board members. Since the ISG was kind of mentioned, kind of speaking from that, yeah, there definitely is not the full complement of the ISG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are sponsored by kind of someone. And our ability to travel and participate in different venues is kind of contingent on said approval. And a number of parties, at least on the ISG, I won't speak for the other leadership bodies, were not kind of approved. And this is one of the reasons why we're not going to be able to participate in this. We're going to be able to participate in this. And I think that's what that turnout kind of looks like. We're waiting from the ISG side, at least, we are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on what was the experience of kind of all the participants. In particular, we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey. So we are going to have some after, as an after action, some perspective on what those experiences are. From the very kind of quick looks we had, participation may also be a little bit more difficult. So we're going to have to wait and see. I think that's what we're going to do. So we're going to have to wait and see. And I think that's what we're going to do. So we're going to have to wait and see. It's also going to be uneven across areas about how much remote and is on site, but it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see any on the stage. Next, Rahul, again. Yeah. So building on my question as well as Jean-Francois' question, is there any long-term? term consideration by IETF on the venue based on visa requirements. Because just for example here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. And I understand that the host would have some considerations, but in general, in the long term, and again, Bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah, I mean, it's you're very hinted. I mean, we're also dependent on the host to a certain extent and finding venues, et cetera. And also, I think what we've explained earlier, similar discussions. That it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the pain, if you will, and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas go to other countries. So in this case, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate. And so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people gets hit by difficulties each time. But yeah, I hear you. It's difficult to find a way. Yeah. Find the perfect venue in that respect. In that respect. No other comments from our side, I think, on that? No? Yes. Hi, Miriam. It's strange to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment. But I will take the opportunity to just express my thoughts. Yeah. As I said, I think it's great that you're here. I think we can all make a point to express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the no visa. And all of that was extremely good. And frankly speaking, it's delightful. My first time in Shenzhen, I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. It was very much like a diplomatic visit to China, which we're very happy about. And I'm also very happy that we have a great team here. And I'd like to thank the Chinese colleagues for their support. And our folks at the Beijing Institute for their support. And thank you for the great support. Thank you. Thank you. And thank you. Thank you. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right? Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that and we are going to see what happens in November. I'm really curious. But we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous path for the IETF to continue in this direction. So that's one comment. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work and I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on Pete's comments. I think Pete makes a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides and we should be very very clear on the demarcation that he mentioned. Thank you. Thanks Arnaud. Jason. Hi, Jason Livingood. This is in response to Pete's question. Now, I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because I wasn't in any of those meetings when I heard things say. But I would encourage people to reread RFC 8711. Pretty straightforward. And Section 4.3, the LLC is established to provide administrative support to the IETF. It has no authority over the standards development activities of the IETF. And it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting, fundraising, like fundraisers and so on, compliance in its legal home. So it was the case way back before the IASA II activity that the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, you know, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established there would be a separation between the standards development activities, which are independent and operated by like the IASG and you know, so on and so forth. Then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear, but I'm not clear on whatever the questions were. Might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion. And happy to help because unfortunately, I think I might have been involved in some. Yes, thanks Jason. Thanks for the clarifying this. And yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that RFC. Are there any comments from any of us on stage? No? Next up is Vittorio. Hi, Vittorio Bertola. I didn't plan to come at the mic, but I did want to offer a different perspective to what Eko said. I think that having and also to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing, even if it means that many regulars are remote. Actually, I think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the ITF, all the international organizations, are not remote. I think that the reason why the organizations rotate and meet in new places, it is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting, to come at least one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue. And it is up to us, not up as meaning the regulars, I don't know if I'm a regular by now, not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contributors. And to this extent, I mean, to a certain extent, it was, I mean, in my opinion, it was a very good idea. In multiple sessions, I saw drafts represented by newcomers being met with their usual, unfortunately, attitude by ITF regulars. I mean, condescending or outright hostility or just go away. So I know the ITF has been putting effort in this and changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there. And this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So in the end, yes, it's also said honestly that there are so many members of the leadership here. I'm sure there are. I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here. But the fact that we had the largest meeting of the ITF ever and possibly the meeting with so little, maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever is something we have to think about. I think I'm sure that all of you made all the possible efforts to be here in person, but still the result is not satisfactory. Thank you. Thanks for your comments, Vittorio. Rohan. I support the fact that we came to China. And several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in San Francisco. And there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks. So it's even harder this time between the two of us. We have this discussion about we have to junction and match a good 크� tn one, or our nationwide Gov hinterland. I say this because any other other our acronyms, they anywhere for apostles. school, and universities over our county or our town. Starting now. and so each visiting. Then their assignments will on the sousaphone. our landline is�� fug me the middle of June 3 for formally scholarship for our areas in trilogies looking around the center and غ 은р. As part of the research, and grants, over the summer the vice president said that the photos that we can seek prior documents will have the place for the funeral and laudees who stay on them. So we want to do a quick process study and let's start with some sounds like this. this regular change of venue so that things are convenient for different people in different continents. We just need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for that comment. Roberta? Hey folks, I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to the United States. Because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in the United States, you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have some kind of support for people that are going over there. I don't know. I think there are people that are afraid because it's for any reason why. Right, I used to be an ethical hacker, so I got some personal interest at least going on. So I wanted to ask, do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving in the United States? And what are you planning as the country is on war right now? Right. So how is going to be the support for attendees? Yeah, thanks for bringing this up. I know people are concerned. We discussed this before. And similar to this meeting, I believe it's for everybody individual to decide what the risks are and if you can make it or not. I'm not aware, Jay. I don't know if you want to comment on that. If you can provide any legal support for individuals. I don't think we've done that in the past, at least. Roberto, no, unfortunately, that's not something we can do. It's too expensive. The liability is unlimited. It really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves. My biggest concern is that, you know, during the visa process might be everything okay. And then we arrive over there. And then we have instances of friends that have been, you know, detained. And sometimes it's not, you know, just to go back home is to answer over there. It's more if we risk it, the organization might at least know that we are there, you know. But thank you. We are effectively a business conference in terms of visas. And if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa, I think it's going to be a little bit of a challenge. Yeah. I think it's going to be a little bit of a challenge. I think it's going to be a little bit of a challenge. I think it's going to be a little bit of a challenge. I think it's going to be a little bit of a challenge. But if you are applying for that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming, sorry, coming to the U.S. for that purpose, not going to work or anything like that, then, you know, there are very, in fact, I'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country, not, you know, people coming to this sort of thing. I thank you for the comment. But actually, I have some instances. Because of, you know, DEFCON and everything that has happened outside of this, I'm really sorry, but thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Thank you. Warren Comare I think I'm next. Just a quick. Yes. Just a quick follow on from what Anand said. I found this to be a great venue. Everything has worked really nicely. People have been great. Yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa. But it turns out that's what most people have to do. Yeah. Yeah. for most countries so you know we have a lot of people participants from china this i think is the right thing to do and good on us thanks forren um martin hey so i'm not sure that the lsa board has really listened to the community about this but i just wanted to add that i think this is a very important area that we have to consider and that's the one that i would like to see when it comes to either china or the us and i would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with as one of the factors in making decision and i think that those people who've suggested otherwise are denying reality in to some extent so i would And think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. If people are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people who turned up in person this time, if those people continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point. But yeah, I don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that. Nope. Ben? Hi there. Is my media working now? Yes. That's an excellent prelude to what I'm about to say. So I wanted to push back on Arnaud's point. This is about the data. I actually come to the opposite conclusion of Martin about politics being important. I think that the IESG and the LLC were correct in their discussion with the community about this leading up to this election that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right lodestar to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time. And I think that's something that we need to be more careful about as geopolitics intrudes on our work more and more. I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world. The regulatory impositions we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique if you look at it in global context. So I would encourage the IESG and the LLC to take a careful and close look in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced. And I think that's something that we need to be more careful about as you look at future venue selections, whether the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective with the venues we select. Yeah, thanks for the suggestion, Richard. We're definitely doing that with any other venue that we're going to. Thanks. So Miriam, if I might, on that particular kind of topic, Richard, you highlight kind of a good point. Which is that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's a very good point. I think that's a very good point about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges. And is there, after any meeting, a learning experience on, you know, is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future? So I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to GEN Dispatch. Tomorrow we have a draft being presented on the topic of network requirements. And if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network, kind of for the version of what that might kind of look like so please come to that that discussion the llc i think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus uh the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria and thanks for the plug for for my draft room um i wanted to flag that a bit more broadly though for for the uh iesg and llc right the the question was posed to the llc and to the iesg will this meeting be effective right there was a proactive uh prediction that you guys were asked to make and so i think as you're having board meetings iesg retreats things like that i think it would be useful for you these are bodies in you know internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turned out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future about arkadaşlarot s flaps and the generalgardener as well there we'll see i would also urge you to zummark any of the parents that have clearly향ing to not pass anGeneral aboutία uhина conservative voice for the public circuit board and you're rightary you're correct to stop theürhyun i don't know that what said are useful in terms of quality question um but we will see specifically right next slide find objectionable. We've seen them detain citizens. We've seen them detain people who were legally there. There's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the US. Thanks, Tony. Yeah, I don't comment on this stage. Thanks for this piece of information. Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. Then I see one more. Benjamin? So as a new participant in meetings with the IETF, the one thing that I have learned is, at least from many of you, is that work at the IETF happens on the mailing list. So to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting. And there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this venue choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks, Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. You're a little over time. I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great evening there. Be there in person. Miriam, before we sign off, Jay, do you want to repeat the social focused activity kind of tonight with the light show that you sent out to the community? This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CNNikol Huawei. This will be a starting at 8pm for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city centre as a welcome to the IETF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the Civic Centre where there will be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock. It's about 10, 15 minutes walk. You should see you all there. Jay? Is there another question? I guess not. The microphone is off. By the way, we have provided lots of social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take anyone. I know, I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Remember, I don't know. Asaksia Juan are algae. I like the younger ones. There's come time. So Evelyn, what you going? No. No. I'm coming. I have to teach students some maneiraobligação. Snímľcí guys. Sce Design. Thank you.