Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Thanks. Thank you. So, first, we're going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF Trust. And after that is going to be the IETF administration LLC report and we always have time at the end of forming the bulk of the meeting, open mike for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. meeting the order is going to be the IAB, the IASG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide please. So before we get started I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site like the Secretariat, the MeetEcho team, the NOC team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that push the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments you know as quickly kind of as possible so we arrive at the meeting we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Well thank you for that. So next I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Cai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Interview with sitzen Suite You Qualify and experts from Shenzhen, to attend the 125th IETF Conference. I am very honored. First, on behalf of the Information Management Department of the Industry and Information Technology Department, I would like to welcome all the guests and friends who have come from afar, and congratulate them on the successful opening of the conference. I would also like to thank all the friends and friends who have been supporting and caring for the development of Chinese Internet in the long term. As an internationally influential organization in the field of Internet, since the establishment of IETF, we have made irreplaceable contributions in the core agreements, architecture and technical standards of Internet, and have established a solid technical foundation for the global development of Internet. I would like to thank all the guests and friends who have come from afar, and I would like to thank all the guests and friends who have come from afar, who have supported and cared for the development of Internet in the long term, and who have supported and cared for the development of Internet in the long term. In this regard, we express our solemn appreciation. China preserves the spirit of open, inclusive and mutually beneficial cooperation, and preserves the spirit of open, inclusive and mutually beneficial cooperation, supporting Internet technology communities to deepen international exchanges, actively participating in the establishment of international technical standards, to contribute to the maintenance of the global Internet, which can be continuously expanded and innovated. At present, the new technology in the Internet field is in full swing. Artificial intelligence and other technologies are deeply integrated into the Internet, bringing opportunities for development and new challenges. We look forward to the opportunity to discuss the advanced technology and innovative ideas of the Internet and the innovation of artificial intelligence and other technologies. We also look forward to the collaboration results of the conference, which can promote the development of the global high-quality Internet industry. Let's work together to open up innovation and build the common fate of the Internet space. Let digital civilization take better care of the people of the world. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and happy life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of CNNIC. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thanks to all of you for your leadership and work in making this meeting happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right. So next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take, if you're interested, in more details for what I'm going to talk about here, here or additional facts and kind of figures and summary since we last met please do click on that link that says full report and you'll see there's additional information it's been updated a few times since it was initially issued so next slide please and actually if you could just jump one more slide as well uh we have had a very robust meeting here in shenzhen and i wanted to put this all in kind of context we are we are assembling as the largest group uh on site and that we've got gathered in at least two years maybe a little more in the historical figures uh this is the largest meeting we've had in asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count so you know phenomenal to see the community to come together you'll see that the distribution of remote and on-site is within the bands that we've had in historical in historical meetings i think the one piece of excitement that i of the of the early stats that i saw coming in is that if you look if you look around uh you know you're sitting to your seat to your left or two people and you know one other person to your right one of those people is new to the itf unless you are uh so one quarter of almost one quarter of participants here at the itf have never been to a meeting before and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community uh if you are one of those newcomers to the itf all i can say is welcome we're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the internet uh please join a mailing list uh you know please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes and we hope that maybe we'll also see you in vienna or perhaps in san francisco the future venues we have for our meetings next slide please uh unsurprisingly we have participation from around the world and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here and also equally unsurprising uh we have a very very robust participation from china given that we are here next slide please since we last got together the iesg has issued no statements and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements is was related to an appointment to the itf trust and to the ipmc so first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to sean turner who has been selected and we really appreciate your willingness to serve and for sharing his experience in this very important and important role and i'm going to hand it over to sean uh we also did an announcement uh for calling for volunteers for bcp 245 moderators and i'm gonna just talk about that a little bit later next slide please we continue to process appeals uh we received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them you can see from the historical from the chart on historical appeal with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in GEN affects each and every one of you in the room because the processes defined in GEN impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and code points are specified here in IETF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS working group. If you aspire to tailor, to change, or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the PROCON working group, the process document and consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W working group. Actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I'd talk more about, the ModPod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community moderation in the IETF. This was recently approved. To realize that and to implement that process, that first step is the IESG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be write those procedures and then, of course, execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community if, we have a call to the community to seek moderators. So if you are interested in that role, please let the IESG know. Also, if you think someone would be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively, actively discussed on the architecture. It appears we've lost Roman. If you could please stand by for one minute. The microphone. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization, is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel, and this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you. Which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the Director of Meeting Operations and Sponsorships, but she will be, unfortunately, exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those, and that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standpoint to be able to be able to be as productive as we can be. So thank you so much. And it was wonderful to see her such greatigkeit at this�- conversation. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie. And honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you. Thank you so much. And best of luck with your with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the community. So next slide, please. I now turn it over to Drew Doty, who, congratulations, is the new chair of the IAB. Hello, everyone. I'm Drew Doty. I'm the incoming IAB chair. Next slide, please. Perfect. Yes. So we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP advocacy. And we had a lot of discussion about the IAB and the risk geolocation. The initial report is out and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out, those videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data tracker. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the APRICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked. We talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen. As well as Robin was at VISA's plus 20 high level UN meeting where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Doty. Doty will talk about IRTF. Thank you, Drew. Hello, I'm Doty Kutscher. I'm the IRTF chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So as IRTF chair, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation. The next generation. In our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training and so on. And so at this meeting, I have received really great support. I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young tenant program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia. That brought students here, not only this meeting, but also previously. And there is a program in Brazil that brought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And could the Brazilians maybe please stand up so that we can see you all. Welcome to the IRTF. So they they come all this way to engage with us, to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And I really hope this will be worthwhile. OK, so in the IRTF, we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by Crypto Forum. Rasp RG and Network Management RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. Then we have the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. That's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee, support high quality research and also get new ideas, new people in. And ANW, the workshop. It's kindly supported by ACM SICCOM and Akamai. And we do this yearly at our summer IRTF meeting. So next one will be in Vienna, IRTF 26. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. The applying. The Applied Networking Research Prize recognizes the best results in applied networking from like last year. So what we do is we nominate like top contributions in the field of applied networking. And then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones. And this is supported by ISOC, Comcast and NBC Universal. And quite often we get, you know, really, really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite, quite current at the moment in the IRTF. And so just today in IRTF open, we had two ANRP winners. So we had Tianyi Gao and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data on the networks. And Xiangjie Huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high quality real time communication. Congratulations. So this week we actually had two IRTF open meetings. So one just before. And on Tuesday we had one that was dedicated on discussing the IRTF. And this is the first one. So this is the first one. This is the first one. And the first one is on the Internet working research challenges for . So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic. So we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IRTF in this field. So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges, and there's a lot of work going on in academia and in our conference and so on. We want to figure out, okay, how can we make this useful for our larger community? invited two really great presentations on different aspects and had good discussion on potential topics. So what we identified so far was testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments, like the broader distributed system and protocol design for distributed learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming out and new abstractions for like collective communications and so on, but also more principled approaches towards agent communication. Also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the buff this morning. But so the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of naming, identity, trust delegation, and also group communication. And yeah, finally we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google, and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from Asia, really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next, the next project that we're going to be doing. So we're going to be doing a lot of research on this. The next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested or if you know somebody who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you. So thank you. So this is my last report as the ITF NOMCOM chair for this cycle. These were the people of the NOMCOM 25, 26 cycle. The voting members, some of them are here. So please thank them if you see them in the hallway. I've seen, I've seen a lot of people. I've seen one of my NOMCOM members in the Tokyo remote hub. So people in Tokyo, thank him also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Dejan. Good. But that's not, it's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So we're very happy with the current selection. So we had one selection for the LLC board, one for the trust, ITF Trust and IPMC. Six selection candidates, selected candidates for the IEB two-term period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas candidates for a period of two years. So I'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term, willing to serve the IPMC, and for the NOMCOM. So thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. the ITF. Thank you very much. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity. Of course, that's something that's important to us, to our community and also to the NOMCOM. We got a day training this year, like last year, about unconscious bias, etc. That's important. I think that's something that the NOMCOM was very aware of, also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations. Some highlights here are, well, not a highlight per se. There's no gender diversity improvement this cycle. We're aware of that. We're conscious of that. Of course, we try to improve every year, but this is an observation here. We improved on regional diversity. That's a good thing. Different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. There's a constant improvement here. We try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline. Young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. We also hear that from the community. In every review, all the reviews we receive, thank you, ITF community, for your reviews, for your feedback on the nominees. It's important and stressed. We're not going to talk about new generation, about the next generation leadership. With the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the NOMCOM members always ask about thinking about your succession. Luckily, most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for, or nominees actually, for the next NOMCOM cycle. Of course, it's up to the NOMCOM in one, two, three, four years. But it's good that we have nominees to select from. So, thanks. As I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place, but we can always do better. So, it's a constant process. Another thing is, well, lessons learned. The first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before. It's a good thing that we have a good document, our RFC 8713, but they're in practical situations. It doesn't say anything about, well, new situations or things we haven't thought of. So, well, there's one thing mentioned. The chair can, with the NOMCOM, always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process an, well, an accepted or a not expected situation. So, it works. As a result, we have a lot of problems. And the same bullet point here, the NOMCOM process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. And that works also, but, and that's now a new point I want to work on, at least some basic documentation, how the things work. Some steps, basic steps at least, how to proceed through the NOMCOM as a chair. And that could also help with the help of, well, kind of delegating tasks to the secretary, but also to the NOMCOM as a whole. So, I think that's a good thing. Kind of delegating tasks to the secretary, because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary. So, it's good to have some documentation. And mostly the practical stuff. That's, yeah. And also, for myself at least, during the deliberations, I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just to be a simple process, but I was counting the yes and no so simple, but yes, maybe no, that becomes more difficult. And then, you have all kinds of rankings. So, I think for the next year, it's good to have this little bit automated, so it can focus on the process and on the discussions and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes. So, finally, yeah, some words of thanks. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the NOMCOM chair for this cycle. It was very learned, well, I learned a lot from you all. And it was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Also, the ITF community was very supportive. In the beginning, I made some mistakes. And as you are, you directly sent me an email that I made a mistake. But it was always supportive. People helped me out. So, thank you. Also, the NOMCOM voting members were very, very dedicated. So, it was a great team. I mentioned that already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chair's advisors, the NOMCOM members, and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice. It's almost I get an award for the Oscar Academy Awards with all the thank yous. Good. Before I leave the stage, I want to call out, volunteer for the next cycle of the NOMCOM. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also, you learn a lot of things about the ITF process, about the people in the ITF and its processes. Thank you. That is a little bit taller than I am. And I was on the NOMCOM. And I will echo, please do the NOMCOM. It's a really great experience. You learn so much. And you meet some great people. Anyways, I'm Glen Dean, and I'm the outgoing chair of the IPMC Corporation and the ITF Trust. This is our report to ITF 125. So, NOMCOMs do what they do. And the IASG is doing what they do. And the IASG is doing what it does. And they both appoint people to the ITF Trust and the IPMC Board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burden, who has served us as an IASG appointee. Kristen was really helpful. She's a lawyer by training. Very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing, doing the ITF IPMC creation and set up. So, thank you very much for Kristen for your service to the ITF Trust and the IPMC. Thank you. Thank you. Then there's this guy. He's been around for quite a while. And one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term limited. We like people to stick around the ITF Trust to build up institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever. And this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So, I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say, if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants. And I learned so much by being part of it. I really enjoyed it. I was a great part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it this coming year when the NOMCOM is appointing another person. So, thank you for letting me be in that role. I've really enjoyed it. So, we have a new set of directors for the ITF IPMC. A couple of them are carrying over, but we've got two new ones. One is Sean Turner, who is the next president. He is coming in, as is Sean Turner. And we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers. So, I'd like to announce that Wendy Seltzer has taken on the role of IPMC president. Sean Turner, who I think is in the Tokyo remote, is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer, which Wendy has vacated. And Wendy is the new secretary. Likewise, the ITF trust is in the final throes, but we still needed some people around to close up shop. And so, the decision was made that the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be Wendy. So, thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. All right. So, that's the in and the out stuff. Let's talk about the trust. So, I'm going to talk about a little bit about trust. So, trust is really, really important in terms of what we've been doing. So, we like to give a report. And usually, these numbers are zero. Because, you know, trust is set up to be very boring. And when everything's perfect, it is very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN1 module from RFC 9881. So, there we got one. The other thing that we've done is we've had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we never, we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good if you deal in intellectual property assets. So, here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who have been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So, we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal and now. We had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So, it's formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPMC operates under. And that was up for a 60-day review. All of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. This one's big. We've been working for a couple years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, we signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the IETF intellectual property assets from the IETF Trust into the IPMC Corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP, except for patents. The IPMC does not do patents for the IETF. And that is a major milestone. So, hold your applause on that one because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major moment. It's something we've been working on for years. And I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet, though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function, is still in process because we need some signatures. There's agreements that establish the role of the IETF Trust with relation to the IANA. And there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the IETF Trust to the IPMC. So, I've done my signature. I'm not the chair. I know that Jay has done a signature on behalf of the IAB ITF. If you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures signed the documents, we can get that thing done. And some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation. Because if you look at the IETF documentation, it's got the word ITF Trust all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF, ITMC as the successor to that. So, that draft's out there and is active. It's all about URL for the IPR, WG email list. And finally, the Trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions, so we can keep that same acronym, are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the ITMC is now the party holding the assets to the IETF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. We're, same terms, if your lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though, since that draft, or that document was first written, version 5, the editorial stream got created, and so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works, and so there'll be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And it'll be published for comment for a 30-day period for you to get your voice in. So, here's the thing I wanted to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristen, but I think we should also do an outgoing for the IETF Trust. It's served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank, and it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over, and it does its final tax filings, it's done. So I really did want to have a hand for the IETF Trust because it has made this, what is the IETF functional, and it's done it for, you know, 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as IETF Trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community, and a lot of people don't even know what they do, which is good because it means they didn't get sued, because no drama, no excitement. But anyways, for the IETF Trust and for all the people who volunteer, could I please have a round of applause? And that is how to contact the IPMC and get more stuff. George. Don't leave the stage. So Glenn, thank you for your many years of service, and allow me to present you with this plaque. Thank you. . .