Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. We'll start going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF trust, and after that is going to be the IETF Administration LLC report, and we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the community to ask questions of the different leadership bodies. This year, the, this time we're meeting, it's going to be a series of reports. meeting the order is going to be the IAB, the IASG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide please. So before we get started I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site like the Secretariat, the MeetEcho team, the NOC team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that push the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments you know as quickly kind of as possible so we arrive at the meeting we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Thank you. Well thank you for that. So next I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Cai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Mr. Xian Cai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Information Technology, I am honored to be a part of the 125th IETF conference. First of all, I would like to extend my warmest congratulations to all the guests and friends who have come from afar and have welcomed the conference successfully and have sent warm congratulations to the friends and friends who have been concerned and supported the development of Chinese Internet for a long time. I would like to extend my warmest thanks to all the friends and friends who have been concerned and supported the development of Chinese Internet for a long time. As an international organization with great influence in the field of Internet, since the establishment of IETF, we have made irreplaceable contributions in the core agreement, architecture and technical standards of Internet, and other aspects. We have established a solid technical foundation for the prosperous development of the Internet around the world. We express our high praise for this. China's spirit of open, inclusive, cooperative and win-win, and the persistence of the spirit of open, inclusive, cooperative and win-win, and the persistence of the spirit of open, inclusive, cooperative and win-win, and the persistence of the spirit of open, inclusive, cooperative and win-win, and the persistence of the spirit of an appealing, open, inclusive, and open, inclusive, handlargng upon the you have been colder, open, inclusive, and positive andata,拉 , Splendid hardusa and the integration of AI and other technologies into the Internet. This brings new opportunities and new challenges. We look forward to this conference as a chance to discuss the innovation and technology of the Internet and we look forward to the development of more and more collaborative results to help the development of high-quality Internet industries around the world. Let's work together to develop innovation, to build the common destiny of the Internet space, and to make digital civilization better for the people of the world. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and happy life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Mr. Xian, thank you for your very kind words and your welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage Ms. Zhang Xiao, the Deputy Director of Ciennic. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Please join us in a moment of silence. Thank you. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. All right. Next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda that we have been discussing in the last few minutes. So I'm going to turn it over to Ms. Zhang. Ms. Zhang. Thank you. Thank you. So I'm going to turn it over to Ms. Zhang. So I'm going to turn it over to Ms. Zhang. So I'm going to turn it over to Ms. Zhang. I'm going to go ahead and start off with my first report. This is going to be a little bit of a follow up. I'm going to start off with a little bit of a follow up on the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here or additional facts and kind of figures and summaries since we last met, please do click on that link that says full report. And you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen. And I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've got gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting. We've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So, you know, phenomenal to see the community to come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we've had in historical in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement that I of the of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look if you look around, you know, you're sitting to your seat to your left or two people and, you know, one other person to your right. One of those people is new to the ITF unless you are. So one quarter of almost one quarter of participants here at the ITF have never been to a meeting before and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the ITF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here helping us shape the future of the Internet. Please join a mailing list. Please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face to face time concludes. And we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna. Thank you. Thank you, Ian. Good morning. I'm screaming, going on for a rest right now. Hello, everyone. My communications team forward to the panel today. I'm Joe estruct with the Institute of IT Reactink.喝 field необходим и I, he's at traffic helps you speak on this actual meeting. I'm I here on behalf of the institutejon the United States Market Center for Arts and Technology Coordination. Thank you all. statements and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements is was related to an appointment to the IETF trust and to the IPMC so first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner who has been selected and we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean uh we also did an announcement uh for calling for volunteers for BCP 245 moderators and I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later next slide please uh we continue to process appeals uh we received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them you can see from the historical from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years next slide please um uh I just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area primarily because everything that happens in gen affects each and every one of you in the room because the processes defined in gen impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream to showcase if you are interested in anything related to how I n and code points are specified here in IETF documents please join us in the IANA bis working group if you aspire to to tailor to change or to evolve how we run the standards process how working groups operate please join us in the procon working group the process documenting consolidations if you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF please join the IPR-W working group uh actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. to to return back to that one announcement that I I said I talked more about the modpod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary their primary artifact which was RFC 9945 which defines a new approach to Community moderation in the IETF this was recently approved to do and to realize that and to implement that process that first step is the IESG needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be right those procedures and then of course execute them as moderators we are calling to the community if uh to to we are on a call to the community to seek moderators so if you are interested in that role please let the IESG know also if you think someone would be excellent in that role even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well, and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the architecture transition pipeline had best in their center, where you have idoes, strategies or concepts are reaching that area so as to습니다. Yeah. I can see they've got eight more minutes, basically if you have a favorite to each one of those. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So, as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised, and so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organizations is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel, and this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the Director of Meeting Operations. She is the Director of Marketing and Sponsorships. But she will be, unfortunately, exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those, and that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world in an interoperable context. And so, Stephanie has been a great partner for us in this kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have, but she's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places. That's been the two parts about the Meeting Ops and in the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf, Stephanie. And honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you, thank you so much. And best of luck with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the community. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So next slide, please. I now turn it over to Dhruv Dhody who, congratulations, is the new chair of the IAB. Hello, everyone. I'm Dhruv Dhody. I'm the incoming IAB. Thank you. Thank you, IAB chair. Next slide, please. Perfect. Yes. So we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this, we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out, and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out, those videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data track up. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the APRICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen. As well as, Robin was at WSIS plus 20 high level UN meeting, where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk, who will talk about IRTF. Thank you. Dirk Kutscher, IRTF Chair, IAB Thank you, Dirk. Hello, I'm Dirk Kutscher. I'm the IRTF Chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So as IRTF Chair, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training, and so on. And so at this meeting, I have received really great support, I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young talent program in China, supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here, not only this meeting, but also previously. And there is a program in Brazil that brought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And could the Brazilians maybe please stand up so that we can see you all. Welcome to the IRTF. So they come all this way to engage with us, to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And I really hope this will be worthwhile. Okay, so in the IRTF, we have 16 research groups at the moment, and 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by Crypto Forum, RASP-RG, and Network Management-RG coming up in the next two days. Thank you. So please check that out. Then we have the Applied Networking Research Workshop and the Applied Networking Research Prize. These two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee, support high-quality research, and also get new ideas, new people in. And ANW, the workshop, is kindly supported by ACM SICOM and Akamai. And we do this yearly at our summer IRTF meetings. So next one will be in Vienna, IRTF 126. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. The Applied Networking Research Prize recognizes the best results in applied networking from last year. So what we do is we nominate top contributions in the field of applied networking, and then there's a selection committee that picks the best ones. And this is supported by ISOC, Comcast, and NBC Universal. And quite often we get really, really top papers on the best contributions in applied networking. So we have a lot of great topics that are really relevant and also quite current at the moment in the IRTF. And so just today in IRTF Open, we had two ANRP winners. So we had Tianyi Gao, and he was awarded for his work on transport-level encryption for data-hunter networks, and Xiangjie Huang for his work on sending burstiness control for high-quality real-time communication. Congratulations. So this week we actually had two IRTF Open meetings, so one just before. And on Tuesday, we had one that was dedicated on discussing internet working research challenges for AI. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic. So we have a lot of great work to do. And we're going to have a lot of great work to do. So thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IRTF in this field. So beyond data centers, beyond the immediate engineering challenges. And there's a lot of working in academia and conference and so on. We want to figure out, OK, how can we make this useful for our larger community. So we invited two really great presentations on different aspects, and had good conversations had good discussion on potential topics. So what we identified so far was testbeds and data sets for reproducible experiments, like a bit broader distributed system and protocol design for distributed learning and inference platforms. There are new architectures coming out and new abstractions for collective communications and so on. But also more principled approaches towards agent communication. Also a hot topic in all of these site meetings and also the buff this morning. So the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of naming, identity, trust delegation and also group communication. And finally we also have a travel grant program. So that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from underrepresented groups. This is kindly supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from Asia, really good gender balance. And so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. And so the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested or if you know somebody, make sure to contact Akamai immediately directly and directly at makie.com And thanks again for the kind words, as well, and thank you for using and alsoék nevertheless Please ask questions from any medical college students as well. Whether they might be in the other good or some where we know Chinese and others who might be, please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you. So...? Thank you. So this is my last report as the ITF NomCom chair for this cycle. These were the people of the NomCom 25-26 cycle. The voting members, some of them are here. So please thank them if you see them in the hallway. I've seen one of my NomCom members in the Tokyo remote hub. So people in Tokyo, thank him also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Dejan. Good. But it's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So we're very happy with the current selection. So we had one selection for the LLC board, one for the ITF Trust and IPMC, six. And we have six selected candidates for the IAB, two-term period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas candidates and assigned for a period of two years. So I'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term, willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity, of course. That's something that's important to us, to our community and also to the NomCom. We got a day training this year, like last year, about unconscious bias, etc. So that's important. I think that's something that the NomCom was very aware of, also during the whole process of charity. reviewing interviews and the deliberations um some highlights here are well not highlight per se there's no gender diversity improvement this cycle so we're aware of that we're conscious of that but uh of course we try to improve every year but this is a this is an observation here we improved on regional diversity that's a good thing so different voices different perspectives are good for our community and so this is a constant improvement here and we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything um i call it here the leadership pipeline young people new leadership next generation leadership and we also hear that from the community in every review all the reviews we received thank you the itf community for your reviews for your feedback on the on the nominees it's important and stressed think about the new generation about the next generation generation leadership so with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position the non-comm members always ask about thinking about your succession and luckily most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for or nominees actually for the next non-com cycle and of course it's up to the non-com in one two three four years to select the nominee but it's good that we have nominees to select from so thanks um yeah as I already said we are aware of it we are doing our best we're in a good place but we can always do better so it's a constant process another thing is well lessons learned the first first bullet point is the same as last year and as a lot the year before um it's a good document our RFC 8713 but they're in practical situations it doesn't say anything about well new situations or things we haven't thought of um so well there's one thing mentioned the chair can with the nomcom always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process and well and accept it or not uh expected situation so it works uh um as in the same bullet point here um the non-com process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition um and that works also but and that's now now a new point I want to work on at least some basic documentation how the things work some steps basic steps at least how to proceed through the non-com as a chair um and that could also help with the help of well kind of task to the secretary because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary so it's good to have some documentation and uh mostly the practical stuff um that's yeah and also for myself at least during the deliberations I spent a little bit too much time on the voting it's just to be a simple process but I was counting the yes and no so simple but yes maybe no it becomes more called and then you have all kind of rankings so i think for the next year it's good to have this little bit automated so it can focus on the process and all the discussions and not so much accounting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes so finally um yeah some words of thanks i want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the nomcom chair for this cycle it's very well i learned a lot and was super interesting and it was very rewarding also the itf community was very supportive in the beginning i made some mistakes and as you are you would directly send me an email that i made a mistake but it was always supportive people helped me out so thank you um also the non-convoting members were very very dedicated so it was a great team i mentioned that already during the the november itf meeting thank you and again the chairs advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice it's almost i get an uh an award for the oscar academy awards with all the thank yous good um before i leave the stage i want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the nomcom it's a lot of work yes it is but it's also you learn every lot of things about the itf process about the people in the itf and and its processes thank you thank you you thanks yeah right Glenn thank you thanks thank you the IPMC Corporation and the ITF Trust. This is our report to ITF 125. So, NOMCOMs do what they do, and the IASG does what it does, and they both appoint people to the ITF Trust and the IPMC Board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burden, who has served us as an IASG appointee. Kristen was really helpful. She's a lawyer by training, very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing, doing the ITF IPMC creation and setup. So thank you very much for Kristen for your service to the ITF Trust and the IPMC. Then there's this guy. He's been around for quite a while, and one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term limited. We like people to stick around the ITF Trust to build up our institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever. And this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say, if you're ever going to be a member of the ITF, you're going to be a member of the ITF Trust. If you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants, and I learned so much by being part of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it this coming year when the NOMCOM is appointing another person. So thank you for letting me be in that role. I've really enjoyed it. So are you interested in, as well, even enter 구독 and subscribe on the Joined Stroke Discord, as well or it will encourage more Use of говоря We have practical iaplora that�를 need help with going into a VISTA process because as I mentioned that I do have the ability to find races that misunderstood all 500 of which are the processes requests for inayıwa. What else would you really look for? So people are calling for the perspective. Sean Turner, who I think is in the Tokyo remote, is taking on the role of IPMC treasurer, which Wendy has vacated. And Lars will be taking on the IPMC secretary. Likewise, the ITF trust is in the final throes, but we still needed some people around to close up shop. And so the decision was made that the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be Wendy. So thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. All right, so that's the in and the out stuff. Let's talk about what we've been doing. So we like to give a report, and usually these numbers are zero, because trust is set up to be very boring. And when everything's perfect, it is very boring. But. Since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing request we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN one module from RFC 98 81. So there we got one. The other good news, though, is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we never we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody, which is really good. We should deal with intellectual. Property assets. So here's the other big update. If we've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia trust into a Delaware corporation and those of you been around the I.T. for a little while, I've been given a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal and now we had some modifications we extended in there to. Recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So this formally connects that group with the bylaws that the IPC operates under. And that was up for a 60 day review. All of you gave us comments. We took them into account. And then in December, we actually voted to adopt. And those are on the IPC website at that URL. This one's big. We've been working for a couple of years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the I.T. F intellectual property assets for the I.T. F trust into the IPC corporation. The IPC is now. Doing the work of managing the IP except for patents. The IPC does not do patents for the I.T. F. And that is a major milestone. So hold your applause for that one because there's something coming up for that one. But I think this is a major, major moment. It's something we've been working to for years. And I'm super happy that we finally got there. We're not fully done yet, though. The IANA IP, which is trademarks and domain names related to the IANA function, is. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. And it came to pass. But. And I think it will come to pass soon. And it will come to pass soon. I think that we need a little regardless. The reason we've got our non-مة Fair and I. We need a. We need a signature. And some final things, Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation, because if you look at the IETF documentation, it's got the word IETF trust all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the IETF ITMC as the successor to that, so that draft's out there and it's active. I saw that URL for the IPR WG email list. And finally, the trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions, so we can keep that same acronym, are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the ITMC is now the party holding the assets to the IETF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. We're same terms if your lawyers have approved it and like it. They're remaining consistent. Two changes, though. Since that document was first written, version 5, the editorial stream got created, and so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works, and so there will be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. Oh. And it'll be published for comment for a 30-day period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristen, but I think we should also do an outgoing for the IETF trust. It's served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point I think about $1,200 in the bank, and it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IETF, and it's got a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IETF, and it's got a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IETF, and it's got a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IETF, and it's got a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IETF. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over, and it does its file tax filings, it's done. So I really did want to have a hand for the IETF trust because it has made this, what is the IETF functional, and it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served, and I want to recognize all of those people as ITF trustees. This is an unpaid job, they're all volunteers, they've done a tremendous amount of work for this community and a lot of people don't even know what they do, which is good because it means they didn't get sued because no drama, no excitement. But anyways, for the ITF Trust and for all the people who volunteer, can I please have a round of applause? And that is how to contact the ITMC and get more stuff. George? Don't leave the stage. So Glenn, thank you for your many years of service and allow me to present you with this plaque. You can't have it. Hello and welcome. My name is Jay Daly, I'm the ITF Executive Director. Nice to see so many people in the room. So this is the administrative report for the ITF and I'll start by thanking our ITF 125 host, CN Nick and our co-host, Tsinghua University, the Internet Society of China, CCSA and the ITF Trust. Thank you. Thank you. And the Computer Network Information Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Thank you very much. I also want to thank very much Huawei, our special contributor and social event sponsor. Those of you who came last night to the social event, I'm sure will remember that. That is the best social event we have had. That was spectacular. Thank you. Thank you very much. And then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor, ZTE, to our local sponsor, AP NIC, and our local supporters, Coremail. Thank you. I also want to thank our IETF 125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion. Thank you very much to Akamai and Huawei. and thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for ietf 125 we have comcast and i can for diversity and inclusion we have a zte for sustainability i can and c and nick for running code and d nick and nominate for the open internet thank you all very much and then finally thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsors without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the itf with than we do currently thank you very much to all of you i should particularly like to note china mobile who and china unicom who have helped very much with this conference we have staff on site helping us out with our wi-fi which is really going above and beyond thank you very much for that every meeting it seems our logos get more and more desirable so once again i'm happy to tell you we you can get our our swag from the online store and we are taking this opportunity to thank you very much for this conference and we are very very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting particularly for those people who go running such as our current itf chair so i want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out we in building the itf tools and in running the itf knock we rely on the support of the ietf community and the ietf community as a whole and the ietf community as a whole and the ietf community as a whole and the ietf community as a whole and the ietf community to top up the event will be able to generate several bike indeed program in europe喻 language Qi ways for us to manage suddenly as well check out our website it's atvereedداon.com also throughout the conference we have a special workshop at the the center of itf and this is unnecessarily what fascinate a combination of Course leaders and alsoaltensi pronunciation 디 ainDD the NOC thank you all very much for your work here at IETF 125 we only have a subset of the IETF staff so I'm on site clearly I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers they are staffing the tools help desk so please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them we also have the RPC staff at IETF 125 Alana Alice and Sandi are here they are also staffing a desk so if you have any questions about our PCs sorry RFCs or the editing process please go and speak to them and we have the full secretariat on site as well so this is a simple diagram of the IETF 125 current structure there so look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support see them if you need to want to speak about anything particular then please speak to them as well so finally on the thanks thank you to our global hosts our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the ietf and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need thank you very much so ietf 126 vienna registrations are open this will be in july we are expecting to come we are just about to sign with the host for the meeting so that's good news for us and i hope very much to see as many as possible of you there so looking forward to our meetings we have vienna coming up and then after that we have itf 127 in san francisco and since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced verisign as the host of that meeting ietf128 in asia we are still in the negotiations with it generally takes us quite some time to negotiate asian venues they are more complicated we often have to use convention centers and us being a u.s company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship so that's going ahead we certainly aim to announce that by vienna if possible itf129 europe that was due to be signed and then the venue just asked for a change to the contract day so we are just trying to work through that and then we'll be able to announce that um hopefully quite shortly itf 130 in has now been announced that's the hyatt regency vancouver that we've been back to a number of times and we are of course looking for a meeting host for that ietf 131 in asia we have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues and we are hoping to and we're in the negotiations now um about that so that's moving forwards itf 132 europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out and itf 133 is not on here in north america but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in south america for that okay so that's where we currently are with our meetings booking we're a little bit behind but we have so many of them quite close that we'll catch up quickly and then we'll be a bit ahead i think by the end of this year on meeting bookings so that's it for me thank you very much handing over to miriam thanks jay i hope you hope you can hear me and see me um my name is miriam kuhne i'm the board of the um llc i'm the chair of the llc board that's more correct and i would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term studying at this um at this meeting um i think cindy is gonna control my slides so please go on to the next slide yes this is the full board you can see here and gonzalo and george are there with you in person and roman is you saw was um online i'll be on i'm online here and and shauna cannot join us um for this um meeting um but you're all watching so next slide please yeah these are this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the the end of year balance and i'm not going to go through all the numbers you can do that in your time i mean for transparency reasons obviously we put them on a slide so they'll be published you see some notes there so if you go to the next slide you'll see some explanations more details can be find always in the financial statements that we publish every month and then also at the end of the year you'll see anphylaxis which it will talk about in most of the course um and then also at the end of the year and also where you will see um um definitely via � model as well as the south side and then what you're saying this is we were informed of some further representations in the money by Ataraion scenario and the results we're much more違う than the total which means is Overall, one thing to note here is that there are some higher numbers as budgeted. So the positive variances there are mostly comprised of additional endowment contributions, which always welcome ISOC matching funds, also the annual contributions from ISOC, and some unrealized gains from investments that we have there. So that's good news. So next slide, please. Just some items that the board is currently working on. We are still working on the secretariat contract with Tendering that's ongoing. We've published the 2026 budget after community consultations. So that's out on the website. As you've seen, we've piloted this new feature with remote rooms for ITF meetings. And I've seen that. We've had a remote room join a couple of sessions. It seems to work really well. And so, well, thanks mostly to LLC staff and their Greg Wood, I think, who took the lead for making this possible. And we're going to evaluate the experiences with this after the meeting and see how we can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual retreat in April, the board retreat. We're preparing for that to look at like future planning, strategy, risk register, and other things. And plans that we're doing kind of on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here, but it's certainly also on our mind, you know, is a meeting network and the meeting locations. And I really want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists, specifically also on meeting networks. And we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the secure network. So if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to me. I'm happy to answer any questions. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.joy to hear has been方ward now from a lot people of courses and you're absolutely welcome. That's very new for a lot of ours. Can you probably switch now? Yeah. No problem. Thank you. We're opportunity right now. As mentioned, this one will be up on באuef. We are very skeptical on the Ireomics member member features of our building and there are some 돌 fried Melnotons. Jim has a failed to adjust to him. Eure. No, he didn't. Great. Which has changed? Two things that, I would say briefly about is that there's also a new reopolch observers, at least like, you know, partially part of the meetings. We also have some closed sessions with staff and Jay. But yes, please join us for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to our work. Next slide, please. I think that's about it. Yes, you can find a lot more information on the website from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements. And also here are a number of mailing address, mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. Admin discusses our generic kind of administrative mailing lists where most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. Thank you. Thank you. Let's distribute a few this way as well. Well, let's start with thanking the outgoing IAB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen, as we know him, has fluffy. And I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair now that he's not on the IAB anymore. Maybe. But seriously, you have been it's so good to talk to you. When you when we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to the heart of the matter. And with that much clarity of thought, it has been amazing having discussions with you. Maria, you. You have served a decade on the leadership at the IAB and ISG every term with so much dedication, so much hard work. It has been amazing. The things that you have done as the IAB chair have such a lasting impact. You have opened the IAB with IAB open the way we do liaisons, the way we even our website revamped. So everything that we think of IAB as current has been done under your leadership and it has been amazing. Tommy, on the big screen, always calm, collected, always clear in thought. As an IAB chair, you went through a transition. We had a bigger geographic and time zone dispersion. We had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well and there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an IAB, we went through a new activities with respect to more active participation at Internet Governance and you helped us. You made sure that you had a lot of time to do that. You made sure that each of us at the IAB felt supported in all the activities that we do. So thank you. And finally, Chin. Chin has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management, operations and Yang. And this is and Chin showed us the diverse participation matters. Having a viewpoint from looking from different areas, from different geography, bringing a different viewpoint to this IAB is fundamental. And Chin, you have shown that in your last two terms. So with that, I would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four outgoing members. For the two outgoing members who are here, we can use a photo opportunity. Maria, can I invite you, please? And Chin. Let's go this way. We won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Cullen, but I think maybe somebody can make an AI generated one. And with that, let's do introductions and then we'll do open mic for introduction. Let's start with Jason. Jason Livinggood, IAB. Mark Nottingham, IAB. Mia Kühlewind, outgoing IAB. Suresh Krishnan, IAB. Warren Kamari, in a surprising turn of events, IAB. Jaroslav Rostov. Osamaho, incoming IAB. Dhruv Dhody, incoming IAB chair. Alvaro Ruttana, IAB. Yingzheng Xu, incoming IAB. Deku Cha, IRTF chair. Qinwu, outgoing IAB. Can we have remote folks? Ali? Ali? Is Ali on? Oh, yes. Sorry. Sorry. You can hear me now? Yes. Hello. This is Ali. Ali Began, incoming IAB. Thank you. Cullen? Fluffy, outgoing. Glad that the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Do we have Jenna or I don't see Jenna maybe. Matthew? Hi, Matthew Bochy, IAB. Nick? Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. And Roman, how come we are missing you? I think we can't hear you, Roman. Okay, move on. Open mic, questions for the IAB. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. And somebody will help me with the queue. Oh, here we are. Anod. All right. So congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are leaving. And so I have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by IAB, especially on the liaison. I think Miria and Suresh are working on that one, and I think this is really good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about liaison, I observed for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework. Liaisons are good, but they are just one part of the equation. Hello to everyone and thanks to it a having a great time. Thank you for this really wonderful presentation. Take care, bye-bye. Black or green, digital or long ones? I succeed . Oh, hundreds of utterances, uh, so thank you so much. Yeah. The problem here. Or itаго smutting your options so that we have once the success in an soundscape'm hand sound, um, i及 emoji. between uh itf and sg17 we started to have a leadership that started to speak to each other and i must say thank you to jim reed i don't know where jim is but he was the one who who pushed us here to do that and that was good um we we however it's only this week i realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other and not that people don't want in fact but people don't know um not only don't know but even i don't know and i don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process tools etc so that's probably something we should explore the second thing is that i was approached with a lot of questions after my sad meeting i would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are doing to the iab so that we can really intimately understand together how we work and what could be tangible actions we could do together then the next point is about opportunities um there is going to be on the idu side a plenty potentially that's supposed to be indoor so we'll see what happens but that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions and i want to come back on the workshop on protection that the iab promoted now there is the window is slightly opened to make a change in this resolution if you have some desires based on what you are doing now now is the moment it never happened in years and we managed to unlock the doors at member state level so now they know that they're going to modify it so if you want to size this opportunity do it the last point is about ai ai ai ai okay so here the frustration are the friction of three ietf meetings that each of them at sign meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream i can understand madrid okay moreal now again in fact week we did the first official meeting with the buff catalyst on the agency ki so the problem is timing and so if you move if you move your brain until what's going to happen next and you consider a number of risks including for san francisco in november that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there i am doing on my side three meetings one plenary and one content week from now until next july so it's an offer i can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings size it because this will give you input to prepare the july meeting in vienna we must have something in concrete in vienna because if san francisco is risky that's the only moment we can do it so we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in vienna and and i will bring all the input you need uh let's make it happen so i know it was a lot of things you don't need to answer now but these are things we can do offline thank you uh let me tackle just a few points very quickly we will not go in depth for all of them with respect to liaisons i completely agree the first thing that we have to do is relationship i think that's when we do best when we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that so any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other and we can up to discuss we can of course maybe get some better tooling whichever way you have that we find people reach out to us we want to do this better uh with ai the last question i think i'll leave that to isg from the iab side i think we are watching we are we help during the bof preparation with catalyst with other things so we are watching but i'm really excited about what's going to become available i think we are the confirmation that community folks are ready working alongside and ensuring that we meet in print and we can communicate freely in our own language as well you know technology<|yi|> please go ahead. Yeah, I actually appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this way forward and you are helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups in ITU. I think actually that works very well. And as Stouf said, if we need to improve, we can do that. But I'm actually very positive that I'm seeing that. So thank you for that. There is one regret I have, just that can say that. Tommy and I discussed an idea for a workshop on agentic AI. That would have helped remove a lot of hits and get the debates on. We didn't do it. I don't know why it happened, but that's something that the IAB could have done. Now it's too late, but we have another way we can do it and achieve it for the life. For the liaison piece, in fact, there is something that is simply a lack of practice in terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer a liaison statement. Because for us, sometimes, there is talking about network recognition, and the fact that leaders have won the debate, sometimes, we may not have a much good example in the South African space or a similar kind of Atlanta context. And we've recorded a lot. We're another example that we're navigating here, that calls for mutant немнож that allows for very, very high acknowledgement. judgments at least and as well as nudging various groups where action is needed but as we have discussed this multiple times is just a very different fundamental way the two organizations work we have to find a middle ground let's continue to talk that's what I can offer any other uh we have one more person but I can see the name Andrew in Shenzhen um I just wanted to yeah for being extremely uh yeah uh I miss for their work over the last two three years on outreach it has made a difference and it has shifted uh the reputation of the community significantly in other uh bodies so thank you for doing that and please continue thank you Andrew I didn't catch everything but it seemed a little like you were happy so that's good anyone else otherwise going once going twice and isg so I'd welcome the incoming and outgoing isg to the stage foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the ISG, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure of serving with. First, Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Now, Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of is this topic worth waking up the U.S. West Coast and keeping your Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach, practical approach, got us great working groups. And had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BPF, where we merge the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And, you know, we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is Oli Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Oli, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the R&AD, but you're also the shadow sec and wit AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So, Oli. Really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways. But, you know, Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a sec area. So being a sec area AD with you was great because you pushed you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area, how we did it before. It's not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention, like your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the ISG. So I think that's a big part of the legacy that you have left behind. And I think that's the the the largest legacy which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well. Paul, thank you to all of you. I'm going to. So, Ori, we have a question. We have a question. We have a question. We have a question. We have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition if we can have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from. Incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see, kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. And Charles, you're going to get us started. Okay. Hi, everyone. I'm Charles Eccle, incoming Art AD. Andy Newton, Art AD. Orit Steele, outgoing Art AD. Roman Danilo, Gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming Int AD. Eric, your turn. I'm going Int AD. Sorry. So, Eric, the other, Eric Ving, the other ongoing Int AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be Int AD. Please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of Ops AD. Jim Gishard, Routing AD. Ketan Talawlikar, Routing AD. Kuntur Vandervelde, in and outgoing, outgoing and incoming Routing AD. And Momin Dukkade, Ops AD. Dekuli Sekedi. Chris Anasio, Sec AD. All about this outgoing Sec AD. Druk Dhody, incoming IAB Chair. Mike Bishop, With AD. Gauri Fairhurst, renewing AD for With. Tommy. Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video. So Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB Chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the mic? Okay. And questions for the IASG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both. Dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, who is going to be the next IAB Chair? Who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you volunteered to write some text? I think that's a great idea. I think that's a great idea. I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of a form or something like that to fill out. We should take that and try to work on it. Does anyone else from the IHG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch? No. Any of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress. And we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up. Realizing that the dispatch is kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arno. You're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Drew has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agent ETI situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at the same time. That there are some good times and no bad times. So that I don't know. Thatift he two. That's true. What aeronautics. You're it you're doing. We do actually have a lot of meetings that seem to wires you that pretty often have time. We must manage on a day to day basis to get experiences like seven time will be enough. I would tell you our results since they are kind of one development so that夢 side meetings, at this level of οποi, that that's created. And in fact, it's good that people could discuss about it. direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here to say, the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do, I don't care, but I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So, thoughts? Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles, Arnaud, like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI, and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the IETF with how we run things in the IETF, and how we run things in the IETF, and how we run things in the IETF, and how we run things in the IETF, and how we run things in the IETF, and how we run things in the IETF, we need to have tightly bound charters. And what is the approach to on-ramp it in there? The BOF that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches. That is one of, I'm sure, many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISU takes up at its strategy meeting slash off-site about how to convert the energy, not just in AI and side meetings, into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment. I think it's a great question. I think it's a great question. I think it's a great question. I think it's a great question. I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim BOFs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca, previous RAD helped set that up. So, if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow RADs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we need to do. And I think it's a should we should definitely be considering given the level of interest thanks uh thanks sorry so the the uh i i cannot do that for you i mean i i don't know enough what what's possible but that that's certainly a possibility just as a point of benchmark and i know i have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states so we you we had the first meeting on agentiki this week thanks to adrian and the team on the catalyst red job that's step one for me step one started december 24th so in 15 months i am where i am but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus alignments understanding creation restructuring so just think about the time it takes to get there and time is evaporating the industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment and the time is evaporating the industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment and the moment and we have a societal problem we have other requirements that are not being taken into account there is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom-up approach and don't see certain requirements so we have a lot of things to do and please consider as well other sdos working in this space so that we can accelerate each other that's my message thank you yeah strongly agree uh to solve the ai uh problem or or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations and open source to kind of get us get us there. OK, thank you. So, Ai-jen, you're next in the queue. Yeah, I do. I'm from China Telecom. I have a similar concern for the working of the AI agent in the ITF, you know, in this meeting, there are about over 16 side meetings related to the AI. And I think many of them, many of them content is overlapped. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in more formal manners. OK. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior, the Catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring, we want to bring to the table, we want to bring to the table, we want to bring to the table, we want to bring in our intersections of the existing work that we, of the existing areas that we have. Each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch like working groups. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke, contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was president at the, the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the, I'm very, I'm conscious probably more than most people, how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF. But I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly, we collapsed that to, you know, really self-contained groups that, that really have no interaction with anything else. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users, the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I happen to be chair of the MOQ now. My work group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. But I just, I just wanted to leave the comment with the IHG. Let's, let's try to preserve that, that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we of course have ended up with a federated, federated approach, where certain areas are teaming up together like SEC, WIT and ART, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Okay. Next up, Roberta, you're next. Hi. I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could, enter information, like information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work specifically that would be the known working groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the, you know, some of the terms that has a connection with it. For example, for agent, take AI agents and AI itself, where would be the place for, for you to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of, you know, the foundational models, those kinds of information that might make difference for the way that people do drafts. Is there a place that we can, you know, join information and do some, maybe a state of art of some of the, the terms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it in engineering on top of it. I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture, but if you're asking for what would be an, or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the ITF. I think the answer would be to produce an ID, an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically. And so you would have the base of the data, the data that you're using, the data that you're using, the data that you're using, and the data that you're using and the data that you're using and the data that you're using. And so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. And on the same topic, if you allow me to add, even if you talk to one area director, he can easily refer you to others. Right. And I've done it multiple times. DM is in art. It started in AIM for instance, right? So it's quite common. We talk to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line empty. Would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment? I'm pausing, waiting. James. James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a hot mic. James, we, okay. You have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, ISG, thank you. We'll move to the next of our open mics. Hello. I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic. And if all is well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the mic. Okay. You can hear me. Okay. So I think we'll make up their way to the stage while Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats. Great. Thanks. I think we're ready. Do you want to do a quick introduction please on stage, starting with George? George Michelson, LLC board. Okay. So I'm going to start with the first person. Can you hear me? Okay. So I'm going to start with the first person. Okay. And then I'll go over to the next person. Okay. So let me just give you a minute. Okay. So how are you doing? Can you hear me? I can hear you. I'm good. Good. Okay. George Michaelson, LLC board. Gonzalo Camarillo, LLC board. Jay Daly, IETF executive director. And then we have you, Roman. Roman Dinello, LLC board. And Miriam Kuhne, LLC board. I see a list of people in the queue, so Rahul, go first, please. Oh, camera's facing the wrong way. Doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the in-person fee waiver. I'm having a... I find that the process, the decisions are made very late, and the process is, as if designed, more suited for North American and European audiences rather than us who are living in Asia, because even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India, I need to travel to China, I need a visa, and that process takes easily one to two months. And for that reason, last, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous IETF. I had explained that the reasons why I'm making, and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me, in advance itself, that it's not possible for you to make that decision. Unfortunately, I basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month, and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last minute travel, because even last minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me, because more and more, more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me, are going to want to come to IETF. I'm been bringing work consistently to IETF. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the Global South can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF, because IRTF and they learned of a similar situation, actually, didn't have the ability to come to IETF. So they moved their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. So let me take that question, Miriam, because this isn't an LLC matter. This is the ITF chair matter. So yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. You're exactly right. The IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach, for the things giving out by the ITF chair is one month out. And that's largely historically been done to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long-term kind of sustainment and grant kind of opportunity, the same way the IRTF is run. So there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for why those fee waivers are handed out. So I'm going to take that observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa, have a longer-range kind of visa kind of challenges. So it may take time for that paperwork to process. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And I won't commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches, one, to continue doing it as a relatively long-term meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage to do an early tranche of approvals, because I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after typically a meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So stay tuned, Raoul. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Mark. Hi. Hi, Mark Nottingham. So in the presentation, we said the secretariat contract is still being renegotiated. And I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Are there... Can you communicate anything about why that is? Are there major sticking points? No. We can't explain anything about it at all. So no to the first part, but not to the second. Well, no to the first one and no to the second one. So there aren't any sticking points? Sorry? So there are no... So if everything is continuing smoothly, these things just take some time. OK. Thanks. Thanks, Jay. Next up is Andrew. Hi. Good morning, hopefully... Good evening, Raoul. Hopefully you can hear me. I just want to say I was in the ICANN meeting in Mumbai last week, which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue. ICANN's agenda is probably similarly complex. The ITFs. Yeah. From my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge the community to consider India as a future venue. I think it'd be excellent for us to go there. And ICANN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. Pete? Hi. In the past couple of weeks, actually, once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments which at least are interpretable as the IETF LLC is the IETF. For some of us old crusty folks, that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That the SDO is completely independent of the LLC as sort of part of the charter of the LLC, that there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. That there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the IETF, as far as I know, the IETF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all will understand why this is so important. you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper, or if I'm missing something. Yeah, thanks for bringing this up, Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there is any confusion. I don't know, Jay, if you want to comment on that, but I don't think we would say the LLC equals the ITF. No. Yeah, so to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the ITF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the ITF LLC is constructed to at times be the LLC, sorry, to at times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the IETF, then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up. And it will not be on behalf of those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the IETF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The IETF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role. And at times in that role, it has to be the IETF. The other one I gave you, for example, was the trading. Yeah. The IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF of things. So what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation. And to say that that nuanced view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem I have is... If the IETF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason, I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the IETF. The IETF, the SDO is those 7,000 individuals. Now, I don't know how a court deals with that problem. Yeah. Yeah. But at least within the community, there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF, the SDO. And if for purposes of contracting and other things, a DBA does not bother me if the IETF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing business as the IETF, whatever. That's a business relation. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the S.D.O. I think is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. Well, thanks for pointing this out, Pete. Um, Bill, yeah, I don't know how to respond to this at this stage. Well, are you extremely available if I just want a book? I'm sorry if I don't have it. I'm in the middle of the Throughview. Um, but probably, something I won't have. Um, please background reading this to avoid any confusion. stage I wasn't in there and when the comments were made but but yeah we'll discuss this and how to make sure to not come across as confusing apparently thanks hi thanks my comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with with the visas in our particular case we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows and unfortunately we just got their approval two days too late corresponding to their to their flights that's nobody's fault I mean it's just the way it goes I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how the will apply to visa so I'm wondering if you can tell us a little bit more about that and if there are any other questions that you would like to ask us about. what we discovered that we ourselves that's our fault we did not pay attention to the Chinese New Year was right in the middle and so for 10-12 days the embassy was closed in Delhi and that just delayed the whole thing what would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and this in time to get the visas done because of that closure it became the main problem so I'm just wondering if that was ever a part of the thinking process and if not whether it would be a good thing to do and if not I'm just wondering if that was ever a part of the thinking process and if not whether it would be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into on the way yeah thanks so I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist in the for the meeting when you're planning but it's a good point we could it's probably not always going to be possible in order to add this into the planning cycle but it's definitely something we can take into account thank you um who's next Eric hi um so there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting by the suitability of this venue and whether people be able to attend I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in the majority of participants were remote and also a huge fractional leadership including by my count the majority the I SGMI a gay or remote any comments Do you have any comments about what exactly? About the suitability of this venue in light of those facts. Well I can point you to Roman's statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and on-site compared to other meetings. And I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to work really well actually, especially also for myself. Well I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization, including you, but I would notice. Yes including myself and I'm participating remotely. This is not the only ITF I'm not participating in person. So I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean there are a lot of people on site, especially from the country. And neighboring countries. So that seems to have worked out well. I don't know if there are any other comments from other board members. Since the ISG was kind of mentioned kind of speaking from that. Yeah, there definitely is not the full complement of the ISG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel. And participate in different venues is kind of contingent on said approval. And a number of parties, at least on the ISG, I won't speak for the other leadership bodies, were not kind of approved. And this is what that turnout kind of looks like. We're waiting from the ISG side at least. We are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on what was the experience of kind of all the participants. In particular, we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey. So, we are going to have some after, you know, as an after action, some perspective on what those experiences are. From the very kind of quick looks we had, participation may also be uneven kind of across areas about how much remote and is on site. But it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see any. Okay. So, we have a question from Jenny on the stage. Next up, Rahul again. Yeah. So, building on my question as well as Jean-Francois' question, is there any long-term consideration by IETF on the venue based on visa requirements? Because just for example here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. And I understand that the host would have some considerations. But in general, in the long term, and again, Bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah, I mean, it's already hinted at. I mean, we're also dependent on the host to a certain extent. And, you know, I think that's a good point. Yeah. I mean, I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. And, you know, finding venues, et cetera. And also, I think what we've explained earlier in our similar discussions is that it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the pain, if you will, and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas to go to other countries. So in this case, you know, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate. And so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people, you know, are getting, you know, gets hit by difficulties each time. But yeah, I hear you. It's difficult to find the perfect venue in that respect. No other comments from our side, I think, on that. No? Yes. Hi, Miriam. It's strange to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. Yeah. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment. But I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the visa. And all of that was extremely good. And frankly speaking, it's delightful. My first time in Shenzhen. I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad. But again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right? Very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that. And we are going to see what happens in November. I'm really curious. But we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous path for the IETF to continue in this direction. So that's one comment I will have. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work. And I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well, is to come back. Thank you. Thank you for your time. And I would like to come back on Pete's comment. I think Pete makes a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides. And we should be very, very clear on the demarcation that he mentioned. Thank you. Thanks, Arnaud. Jason? Hi. Jason, living good. This is in response to Pete's question. Now I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is. Because I wasn't in any of those meetings when I heard things say. But I would encourage people to reread RFC 8711. Pretty straightforward. And section 4.3, the LLC is established to provide administrative support to the IETF. Has no authority over the standards development activities of the IETF. And it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting. Fundraising, like fundraisers and so on. Compliance. And it's legal home. So it was the case way back before the IASA II activity that the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella. You know, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established there would be a separation between the standards development activities. Which are in the IETF. And the IASG. And so on and so forth. And then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear. But I'm not clear on whatever the questions were. Might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion. And happy to help because unfortunately I think I might have been involved in some. Yes. Thanks, Jason. Thanks for clarifying this. And yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that. And I appreciate it. Thanks. Thanks, Jason. Thanks to all of you for coming. And thank you for being so kind to me. And thank you to the RFC. At any comments from any of us on stage? No. See none. Next up is Vittorio. Hi. Vittorio Bertola. I didn't plan to come at the mic. But I did want to offer a different perspective to what they said. I think that having an answer to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing. Even if it means they. Good. I think that having an answer to some of the comments I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing. Even if it means that. many regulars are remote actually i think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the itf all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places it is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting to come at least once one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue and it is up to us not up as meaning the regulars i don't know if i'm a regular by now not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contributor tools and into this extent i mean to a certain extent it was i mean in multiple sessions i saw drafts represented by newcomers being met with their usual unfortunately attitude by itf regulars so like i mean condescending or outright hostility or just to a way so i did this is i i know the itf has been putting effort in these and changing this kind of attitude but it's still there this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions so in the end yes it's also said honestly that there are so many members of the leadership here i'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here but the fact that we had the largest meeting idea of the itf ever and possibly the meeting with the so little that maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever is something we have to think about i think i'm sure that all of you made all the possible efforts to be here in person but still the result is not satisfactory so i think it's a good thing thanks for your comments um victorio um rohan i um yeah i i i support the fact that we came to china and several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting several people will have their own reasons for why we couldn't attend this meeting several people will have similar meetings similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in san francisco and there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks um it's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go we need to just suck it up okay just let let the process run we need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here and not beat up everyone unless you have a unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go uh that is going to meet all of the requirements and it's going to allow this this regular change of a venue so that things are convenient for different people in different continents we just need to we need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other thank you thank you thanks for that comment um Roberta? Hey folks, I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to the United States, because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in the United States, you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have some kind of support for people that are going over there, that are afraid, because it's for any reason why, right, I used to be an ethical hacker, so I got some personal interest at least going on. So I wanted to ask, do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason, when they are going to be detained? So, you know, you are already on the road, and arriving on the United States. What are you planning as the country is on war right now, right? So, how is going to be the support for attendees? Yeah, thanks for bringing this up. I know people are concerned, we discussed this before. And, you know, similar to this meeting, I believe it's for everybody, individual to, you know, decide, you know, what the right thing to do. And, you know, what the risk is, and if you can make it or not. I'm not aware, Jay, I don't know if you want to comment on that, if you can provide any legal support for individuals. I don't think we've done that in the past, at least. Roberto, no, unfortunately, that's not something we can do. It's too expensive. The liability is unlimited. It really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves. So, my biggest concern is that, you know, during the visa process, might be everything okay, and then we arrive over there, and I have some instances of friends that have been, you know, detained. And sometimes it's not, you know, just to go back home, is to answer over there. It's more if we risk it, the organization might at least know that we are there, you know. But thank you. And, you know, to me, we are effectively a business conference, in terms of visas. And if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming, sorry, coming to the U.S. for that purpose, not going to work, or anything like that, then, you know, there are very, in fact, I'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country. not you know people coming to this sort of thing i i thank you for the comment but actually i have some instances because of you know devcon and everything that has happened outside of this i'm really sorry but thank you thank you for for the position thank you warren kamari i think i'm next just a quick just a quick follow-on from what anon said i found this to be a great venue um everything's worked really nicely people have been great yes it was annoying to have to get a visa but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries so you know we have a lot of people participants from china this i think is the right thing to do and good on us thanks warren um martin hey so i'm not sure that the llc board has really listened to the community when it comes to either china or the us and i would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with as one of the factors in making a decision and uh i think that those people who have suggested otherwise uh denying reality in to some extent so i would like to uh sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard uh and uh think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up if people are looking to continue participation you know the 400 ish people who turned up in person this time if those people continue to participate then maybe that would be a success if they do not then then maybe we can learn something from that and so i suggest that someone track that thank you uh thanks for that suggestion yeah we can definitely not evaluate this at this point but yeah i don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that nope um then hi there is my media working now yes does have discussion of the if we would like to highlight that thank you i'd just like to highlight that umann Gore has a very good roll oninhas which is good and while i agree with roman that um finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time as geopolitics intrudes on our work more and more um i think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world um the regulatory uh impositions we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique uh in uh if you look at a global context so i would encourage uh the isg and the llc to take a careful and close look uh in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced um and to take that into account um as you look at future venue selections uh whether uh the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective uh with the venues we select yeah thanks for the suggestion um which should be definitely i'm doing that like without any other venue that we're going to things like this um so mariam if i might on that particular kind of topic uh richard you highlight uh you highlight kind of a good point which is that uh about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges and is there after any meeting a learning learning experience on you know is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future so i would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection criteria to come to gen dispatch uh tomorrow we have a draft being presented the topic of network requirements and if we if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network kind of for the meeting this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like so please come to that that discussion the llc i think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus uh the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria and thanks for the plug for for my draft for a minute um i wanted to flag that a bit more broadly though for for the uh iesg and llc right the the question was posed to the llc and to the iesg will this meeting be effective right there was a proactive uh prediction that you guys were asked to make and so i think as you're having board meetings iesg retreats things like that i think it would be useful for you these are bodies in you know internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions turned out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future yeah thanks um for that addition um tony hi tony lee i'm an american uh the way the united states government is operating right now the itf cannot protect anyone the government is running around basically only one that isrol companies within the united states size off from the minnesota board as a whole association group so tony lee has a call us a lot for being here at the unit right now the role is for your sort of appointment as well as hardware management so that can accommodate things that you guys have so we can understand the that would be the direction it could go if it was stuff that you knowny things on the quesh irrational and comment on this stage. Thanks for this piece of information. Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. Then I see one more. Benjamin? So as a new participant in meetings with the IETF, the one thing that I have learned is, at least from many of you, is that work at the IETF happens on the mailing list. So to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting, and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this venue choice and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks, Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. We're a little over time, so I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around, and have a great evening there, if you're there in person. Miriam, before we sign off, Jay, do you want to repeat the social-focused activity tonight with the light show that you sent out to the community? This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CNNIC and Huawei. So this will be starting at 8pm for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city centre as a welcome to the IETF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the Civic Centre, where there will be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock, it's about 10-15 minutes walk, you should see you all there. Jay? Is there another question? I guess not. Microphone is off. By the way, we have provided a lot of social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take anyone. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know, I know. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .