reference: All right so i think actually uh sadly that is that's the end of the chartered working group document. So well move. I think we might be back Hello hello i can hear you oh per yes okay so let me load your slides then. The next over QUIC slides yes. no the QUIC client server. uh yes thank you. Yes and i will pass slide control to you you should have it now go ahead thanks. uh i don't dare to start the video uh i will just run it as is um my name is Per Anderrson and uh i am going to present the YANG grouping for QUIC clients and QUIC servers. Lets go. Yes so what uh are we doing doing we are defining reusable YANG groupings for the QUIC protocol. We are reusing the TLS client server and the UDP client server and uh documents and YANG modules for this and adding IANA YANG modules for the QUIC versions and QUIC transport parameters and this work is done uh is used by the NETCOM for QUIC YANG module. The update since last IETF is uh that we uh have clarified handling of QUIC transport parameters updates and then editorial fixes update corporate year revision data for initial IANA Yang modules and editorial fixes. So this is the verbatim uh from the document uh regarding the IANA um considerations for the QUIC transport parameters registry. Uh the issue is as was raised the la the last meeting and that the provisionally registered names can change value when they are made permanent. So how would that be handled and in short it's handled uh as normal with the um YANG Semver work So you would roll a new major version of the YANG module when you update um the ENM values in a non-backwards compatible way and IANA is uh okay with this uh with these considerations and that is it.
hypothesis: you you you you you All right, so I think actually Sadly that is that's the end of the chartered working group documents. So we'll move. I think we might be back Hello Hello, I can hear you. Oh yes. Yes. Okay. So let me load your slides then Slides Yes, no the quick client server Yes Yes, and I'll pass slide control to you You should have it now good Thanks, I Don't dare to start the video. I'll just run it as this My name is Pat on the shown and I'm going to present the yang groupings for quick Clients and quick servers Let's go Yes, so what are we doing we're defining reusable gang groupings for the quick protocol We were using the TLS client server and the UDP client server Documents and yang modules for this and adding IANA yang modules for the quick versions and quick transport parameters and this work is done is used by the netconfor quick yang module The updates since last I test is that we have clarified handling of quick transport parameters updates and Then editorial fixes updated corporate year and revision date for initial IANA yang modules and editorial fixes So this is the verbatim from the document regarding the IANA Considerations for the quick transport parameters registry the issue is as was raised the last meeting and that the Provisionally registered names can change value when they are made permanent. So how would that be handled and in short, it's handled as a Normal with the Yang semver work so you would roll a new major version of the yang module when you update the enum values in a non backwards compatible way and IANA is Okay with this with these considerations And That is it Test Time and Product When all such New Second Application I felt That Got
Word Error Rate: 0.278 (27.78%)
Substitutions: ['document-> documents', 'per-> yes', 'quic-> quick', 'i-> ill', 'go-> good', 'uh-> ill', 'is-> this', 'per-> pat', 'anderrson-> on', 'and-> the', 'uh-> shown', 'i-> and', 'am-> im', 'grouping-> groupings', 'quic-> quick', 'quic-> quick', 'doing-> were', 'yang-> gang', 'quic-> quick', 'are-> were', 'reusing-> using', 'quic-> quick', 'quic-> quick', 'netcom-> netconfor', 'for-> quick', 'update-> updates', 'ietf-> test', 'quic-> quick', 'update-> updated', 'data-> date', 'quic-> quick', 'uh-> as', 'as-> a', 'enm-> enum', 'nonbackwards-> backwards']
Deletions: ['uh', 'the', 'next', 'over', 'quic', 'uh', 'thank', 'you', 'will', 'ahead', 'uh', 'i', 'will', 'um', 'uh', 'we', 'are', 'and', 'uh', 'uh', 'quic', 'uh', 'uh', 'uh', 'uh', 'um', 'uh', 'la', 'the', 'um', 'um', 'uh', 'uh']
Insertions: ['you', 'you', 'you', 'you', 'you', 'i', 'and', 'non', 'test', 'time', 'and', 'product', 'when', 'all', 'such', 'new', 'second', 'application', 'i', 'felt', 'that', 'got']
