Well, good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us from remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman Danilieu and I'm chair of the IETF. Slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This new will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Oh, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First we're going to open with a greeting from our meeting host. Then we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then we're going to hear from the IETF trust. And after that is going to be the IETF administration LLC report. And we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting. And Mike, for the community, ask questions of the different leadership bodies. This year, this time we're meeting, the order is going to be the IAB, the IESG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide, please. So before we get started, I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site like the secretary and the meeting, the meeting, the NOC team and all the LSA staff. But also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that push the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments as quickly as possible. So we arrive at the meeting. We're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Well thank you for that. So next, I would invite to the stage, Mr. Shien Kai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunications Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. and the first one. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your very kind words and you're welcome as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage, Miss Zhang Shiao, the deputy director of CN Nick. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting kind of happen happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. Thank you. All right. So next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first from the perspective of the ISG. I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a if you're interested in more details for for what I'm going to talk about here. Or additional effects and kind of figures in some reasons we last met. Please do click on that link that says full report and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen and I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are we are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've got gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical figures. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration account. So, you know, phenomenal to see the community come together. And you'll see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we've had in historical in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement that I of the early stats that I saw coming in is that if you look if you look around, you know, you're sitting to your seat to your left or two people. And you know, one other person to your right. One of those people is new to the itf unless you are. So one quarter of almost one quarter of participants here at the itf have never been to a meeting before and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the itf all I can say is welcome we're thrilled that you're here helping is shaped the future of the internet. Please join in mailing list. You know, please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face to face time concludes and we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna or perhaps in San Francisco, the future venues we have for our readings. Next slide please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world and you can see some of the more detail statistics here and also equally unsurprising. We have a very, very robust participation from China, given that we are here. Next slide please. Since we last got together, the I ESG has issued no statements and the majority of what we focused on in our announcements is was related to an appointment to the itf trust and to the ipmc. So first we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner who has been selected and we really appreciate your willingness to serve Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCP 245 moderators and I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. Next slide please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical from the chart on historical appeal volumes that 2025 was was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide please. I just wanted to take this opportunity since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in gen affects each and every one of you in the room. Because the processes defined in gen impact every working group and everything published in the itf stream. So please, if you are interested in anything related to how I n and code points are specified here in itf documents, please join us in the I n Abyss working group. If you aspire to to tailor to change or to evolve how we run the standards process how working groups operate, please join us in the prokon working group the process document and consolidations. And so we're just in contributing around how intellectual properties managed here at the itf please join the IPR dash W working group actively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. And I'm going to turn back to that one announcement that I said I talked more about the mod pod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary that their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945 which defines a new approach to community moderation in the itf this was recently approved. So I realized that and to implement that process that first step is the is G needs to appoint at least five moderators whose first task is going to be right those procedures and then of course execute them as moderators. We are calling to the community if to we are called to the community to seek moderators so if you are interested in that role please let the I s G know also if you think someone would be excellent in that role even if it is not you we welcome that feedback as well and will consider it and will will reach out to them. And then the last the last highlight is that the IAB who is in charge of liaison relationships working with the other standards kind of organizations is revising those procedures which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053 and there being actively discussed on the arc. It appears we lost Roman if you can stand by for one minute. All right, I think I'm back. to our back. Excellent. So as I was saying the liaison procedures are being revised and so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion this is this will also be another time to engage so hop on architecture discuss to get into the early discussion and we're going to be bringing that into into the itf. So next slide please. So I wanted to to to almost end this thing with to thank you so the first I wanted to acknowledge that the the vast majority of your aDs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel and this enables them to be here to to sort of the community and also to do that each and every each and every week and here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the. So next slide please. And then I wanted to end with with another thank you which is to Stephanie and Cameron so for those of you who are not aware, definitely currently supports us as the director of meeting operations and sponsorships. And she will be unfortunately exiting from that role for the last 20 almost 20 years Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world about 54 for those and that that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the. To penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world in an interoperable kind of fashion and to really make the internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues kind of can service that the kinds of conversations that we need to have. And it's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in all these places that's been the two parts about the meeting up and in this sponsorship. And as you can see there. I don't know how many times around the world you've now flown on our behalf Stephanie and honestly the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with you know really all we can say is thank you thank you so much. And you know best of luck with your with your next kind of engagements in the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities so thank you so much. So next slide please. And now turn it over to Drew Dodie who congratulations is the new chair of the IAB. Hello everyone I'm Drew Dodie I'm the incoming IAB chair. Next slide please. Yes, so we have the full IAB report which you can find on our website as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings, but this we will keep it shot and sweet. And we did one workshop recently in December which was on IP address geo location. The initial report is out and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well so check it out those videos as well as the videos of the whole workshop everything is available on our IAB page and data tracker. We did bunch of outreach activities, we were at the I can 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the IPCOT and if you're not meeting in Jakarta where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen. As well as Roman was at this is plus 20 high level UN meeting where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. The bills we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting and with that let me pass it on to Dirk who will talk about IRT. Thank you, Drew fellow I'm the coach I'm the IRT F chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words so as I have to I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. I'm doing quite a bit of outreach training and so on. And so at this meeting I have received really great support. I just realized in the past days, so there has been a young tenant program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. I've been a research fellowship fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students in not only this meeting, but also previously. And there's a program in Brazil that bought 18 people to this meeting. So the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far so they were on the road or I'm on the plane for two or three days. And I could there but then maybe please stand up so we can see your welcome. So they come all this way to you know, I gave to us to meet the experts to meet the leadership and I really hope this will be worthwhile. Okay, so in the IRTF we have 16 research groups at the moment and 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by crypto forum, rascal g and network management, RG coming up in the next two days. Please check that out. And then we have the applied networking research workshop and the applied networking research prize that's these two instruments I'm trying to raise the profile of our community in the research community support high quality research and also get new ideas new people in. And a NAW the workshop is kind of supported by ACM sitcom and Akamai. And we do this yearly at our summer ITF meetings. So next one will be in Vienna, I have front 26. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and it's Rush Christian. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. The applied networking research prize recognizes the best results in applied networking from like last year. So what we do is we nominate like top contributions in the field of applied networking and then there's this election committee that picks the best ones and this is supported by ISOC Comcast and NBC universal. And quite often we get, you know, really, really top papers on topics that are really relevant and also quite current at the moment in the idea of. And so just today in the idea of open, we had two NAP winners. So we had Cianny Gao and he was awarded for his work on transport level encryption for data from the networks and Shang-Jiye Huang for his work on sending boost in his control for high quality real time communication. So this week we actually had two IIT of open meetings. So one just before and on Tuesday we had one that was dedicated on discussing internet working research challenges for I. So we know there are many discussions on the broader topic. So we wanted to figure out what could be a productive role for the IIT F in this field. So beyond data centers beyond the immediate engineering challenges. And there's a lot of work on in academia and you know conference and so on. We want to figure out okay how can we make this useful for our larger community. So invited to really great presentations on different aspects and had good compute discussion and on potential topics. So what we identified so far was you know test beds and data sets for reports with experiments like the broader distributed system and protocol design for this we're learning and inference platforms may are new architectures coming out and new abstractions for like collective communications and so on. But also more principle approaches towards agent communication. Also topic in all of these site meetings and also above this morning. But so the idea here is to look a bit more into the foundations of naming identity trust litigation and also group communication. And yeah, finally we also have a travel grant program so that's intended to bring early career researchers and PhD students to our community from under represented groups. And so we are currently supported by Akamai, Comcast, Google and Netflix. And yeah, so this time we had a robust participation from from from Asia really good gender balance and so we are already preparing the next program for Vienna. So the deadline for applications is end of next week. If you're interested or if you know somebody who might be. Please let them know. Thank you very much. Thank you. So thank you. So this is my last report as the idea of noncom chair for this cycle. These were the people of the noncom 2526 cycle without the members. Some of them are here. So please thank them if you see them in the hallway. I've seen. I see one of my noncom members in the Tokyo remote app. So people in Tokyo. Thank you also. And here are the the non voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Diane. Good. But that's not it's not about us. It's about selection for this year. We're very happy with the current selection. So we had one selection for the LC board. One for the trust, ITF trust and IPMC. Six selection candidates selected candidate for the IAB two term period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas. Candidates in the sign for the for the period of two years. So I like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term. We're willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Thank you. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity, of course. That's something that's important to us to our community and also to the noncom. We got a day training this year like last year about unconscious bias, etc. So that's important. I think that's something that the non-conversed very aware of. Also during the whole process of reviewing interviews and the deliberations. Some highlights here are, well, not highlight per se. There's no gender diversity improvement, this cycle. So we aware of that. We're a conscious of that. But of course, we try to improve every year. But this is a, this is an observation here. We improved on regional diversity. That's a good thing. So different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. So there's a constant improvement here and we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline, young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. And we also hear that from the community. In every review, all the reviews we received. Thank you, the ITF community for your reviews, for your feedback on the nominees. It's important and stressed. Think about new generation, about the next generation leadership. So with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the noncom members always ask about thinking about your succession. And luckily most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for nominees actually. But the next noncom cycle. And of course, it's up to the noncom in one, two, three, four years to select the nominee. But it's good that we have nominees to select from. So thanks. Yeah, as I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place, but we can always do better. So it's a constant process. Another thing is, well, lessons learned. The first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before. It's a good document. Our RFC 8713. But they're in practical situations. It doesn't say anything about new situations or things we haven't thought of. So, well, there's one thing mentioned. The chair can with the noncom always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process. And well, and accept it or not expect it situation. So it works. As in the same bullet point here, the noncom process relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. And that works also. But as now, now a new point, I want to work on at least some basic documentation. Other things work. Some steps. Basic steps, at least how to proceed through the noncom as a chair. And it could also help with the help of, well, kind of delegating task to the secretary. Because more and more tasks are now taken care of the secretary. So it's good to have some documentation. And most of the practical stuff. That's, yeah. And also for myself at least. During the deliberations, I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just, it's just be simple process. But I was counting the yes and no is for simple. But yes, maybe no. But it becomes more difficult. And then you have all kind of rankings. So I think for the next year it's good to have this little bit automated. So it can focus on the process and on the discussions and not some of those on counting. And making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes. So finally. Yeah. Some words of things. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the noncom chair for this cycle. It was very learned. Well, I learned a lot and was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Also, the ITF community was very supportive. In the beginning, I made some mistakes. And as you are, you are directly sent me an email that I made a mistake. But it was always supportive. People held me out. So thank you. Also, the noncom voting members were very, very dedicated. So I was a great team. I mentioned that already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chair's advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process. And it was. It's almost, I get an award for the Oscar, I get an award for all the things you've. Good. Before I leave the stage, I want to call out. Follow here for the next cycle of the noncom. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also, you learn a lot of things about the ITF process, about the people in the ITF and this process. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That was a little bit taller than I am. And I was on the oncom. And I will, please do the noncom. It's a really great experience. You learn so much. And you meet some great people. Anyways, I'm one Dean and I'm the outgoing chair of the I PMC Corporation and the ITF Trust. This is a report to ITF 125. So noncoms do what they do. And the ISG does what it does. And they both appoint people to the ITF Trust and the ITF C board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burdand who has served us as an IESG of printing. Kristen was really helpful. This is a lawyer by training. Very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing during the ITF IPMC. We have a lot of information about the ITF Trust and the ITF Trust. So thank you very much for your service. The ITF Trust and the ITF C. It's been around for quite a while. And one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the ITF C roles is they are not term limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term limited. to build up by institutional knowledge and be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever. And this guy is leaving after stick around for a little while. So I've had a lot of fun. I've learned a lot of stuff. I will say if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the ITF, this is a great role to apply for in the future. When I started it back in the day, I was terrified. I was walking in the shadow of giants. And I learned so much by the importance of it. I really highly recommend that you consider it this coming year with an on-com is a pointy another person. So thank you. Let me be that role. I've really enjoyed it. Thank you. So we have a new set of directors for the ITF, I PNC. A couple of them are carrying over, but we've got two new ones. Lars Egret is coming in as is Sean Turner. And we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers. So I'd like to announce that Wendy Salter is taking on the role of the I PNC president. Sean Turner, I think is in the Tokyo remote, is taking on the role of I PNC treasurer, which Wendy is vacated. And Lars will be taking on the I PNC secretary. Likewise, the I Ptruses in the final throws, but we still needed some people around. Close up shop. And so the decision was made of the person that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust. It will be Wendy. So thank you, Wendy, for taking on both roles. All right, so that's in and the other stuff. Let's talk about what we've been doing. So we'd like to give a report and usually these numbers are zero. Because you know, trust is set up to be very boring. And when everything's perfectly doing very boring. But since we last met in Montreal, we've had two licensing requests that are above and beyond the normal licensing requests we get. And we have issued one new license. It was to the IEEE to use the ASN one module from RC9881. So there we got one. The other good news though is we have had zero legal actions, which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there. It means that we never didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody. Which is really good way. She didn't intellectual property assets. So here's the other big update. We've been working on this restructuring from a Virginia Trust into a Delaware corporation. And those of you who've been around the ITF for a little while, I've been giving a lot of reports on this. So we've had some progress. The bylaws were updated between when we met in Montreal and now we had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the CCG. This is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the IANA assets back in 2016. And we updated the IPMC bylaws to recognize the CCG's role with relation to the IANA assets. So it's formally connected to that group with the bylaws to the IPMC operates under. And that was up for a 60 review and all of you gave us comments. We took them into account and then in December we actually voted to adopt them. And those are on the IPMC website at that URL. This one's big. We've been working for a couple years now to get this transition done. Last Monday, a week ago Monday, I signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the ITF intellectual property assets for the IPMC corporation. The IPMC is now doing the work of managing the IP except for patents. The IPMC is not two patents for the ITF. And that is a major milestone. So all of your policies are something you're meant for that one. But I think this is a major moment. We've started working two or three years and I'm super happy we've got there. We're not fully done yet though. The INIP which is trademarks and domain names related to the INIP function is still in process because we need some signatures as a reminestess. Establish the role of the ITF trust with relation to the INIP. And there's a set of signatures out there for the reminess all of those things. The transpose or reminess from the ITF trust to the IPMC. So I've done my signature before I be no longer was the chair. So I know that Jay has done a signature on the behalf of the IEP ITF. If you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures on, sign the documents, we get nothing done. And some final things. Roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the IETF's documentation. Because if you look at the ITF documentation, it's got the word ITF trust all over the place. We have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the ITF IPMC as a successor to that. So that draft out there in his active. That's all about your role for the IPR, WG email list. And finally, the trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical provisions so we can keep that statement acronym are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the IPMC is the now the party holding the assets to the ITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. We're saying terms if your lawyers are approved and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes though. Since that draft, that document's first written version five, the editorial stream got created. And so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream. There's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works. And so there will be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And they'll be published for comment for a third year period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I want to recognize. You know, we've done the outgoing for myself and for a Christian. But I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF trust. It served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank. And it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those are even assigned, those things are transferred over. And it does its final text filings. It's done. So I really did want to have a hand for the ITF trust because it has made this up. What is the ITF functional? And it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a, quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people during that 21 years who have served as ITF trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community. And a lot of people don't even know what they do. So it's which is good because they're using it yet soon. Because don't drop on no excitement. But anyways, for the ITF trust and for all the people volunteer, can I please have a round of applause? And that is how to contact the IPMC and get more stuff. So please have a round of applause. And I'm going to have a round of applause. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. Hi, everybody. You're welcome. Hello. Good. Hello and welcome. My name is Jay Dady. I'm the ITF Executive Director. Nice to see so many people in the room. So this is the administrative report for the ITF. And I'll start by thanking our ITF-125 host, CENIC and our co-host, CENNY University, the Internet Society of China, CCSA and the Computer Network Information Centre of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Thank you very much. I also want to thank very much Huawei, our special contributor and social events sponsor. Those of you who came last night to the social event, I'm sure we'll remember that. That is the best social event we have had. That is spectacular. Thank you. And then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsors, as the team to our local sponsor APNIC and our local supporters, CELMAIL. Thank you. I also want to thank our ITF-125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion. Thank you very much to Akamai and Huawei. And thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for ITF-125. We have Comcast and ICANN for our diversity and inclusion. We have ZTE for sustainability. ICANN and CENIC for running code and BNIC and Lominet for the open Internet. Thank you very much. And then finally, thank you to our equipment services and connectivity sponsors. Without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the ITF with them, we do currently. Thank you very much to all of you. I'd particularly like to note China Mobile, who are at China Unicom, who have helped very much with this conference. We have staff on site helping us out with our Wi-Fi, which is really going above and beyond. Thank you very much. Every meeting it seems our logos get more and more desirable. So once again, I'm happy to tell you we can get our swag from the online store. And we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting, particularly for those people who are running such as our current ITF chair. So I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out. We are building the ITF tools and in running the ITF knock, we rely on multiple people who give their time freely to help that work. So thank you very much to all of those people. And Rome has already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this, but I think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here. So we have the Secretariat, Mitoko and the knock. Thank you all very much for your work. Here at ITF-125, we only have a subset of the ITF staff. So I'm on site clearly. I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers. They are staffing the tools help desk. So please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them. We also have the RPC staff at ITF-125, Alana, Alice and Sandia here. They are also staffing at desk. So if you have any questions about RPCs, sorry, RFCs or the editing process, please go and speak to them. And we have the full Secretariat on site as well. So this is a simple diagram of the current structure there. So look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support. See them if you need to want to speak about anything particular, then please speak to them as well. So finally, on the thanks, thank you to our global hosts. Our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the ITF and enable us to have the long-term stability for our funding that we really need. Thank you very much. APPLAUSE So ITF-126 Vienna, registrations are open. This will be in July. We are expecting to come. We are just about to sign with the host for the meeting. So that's good news for us. And I hope very much to see as many of you as possible. So looking forward to our meetings, we have Vienna coming up and then after that we have ITF-127 in San Francisco. And since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced various sign as the host of that meeting. ITF-128 in Asia, we are still in the negotiations with. It generally takes us quite some time to negotiate Asian venues. They are more complicated. We often have to use convention centres and us being a US company means we need to visit a number of times to build up the trust and the relationship. So that's going ahead. We certainly aim to announce that by Vienna in the hospital. ITF-129 Europe, that was due to be signed and then the venue just asked a change to the contract the other day. So we are just trying to work through that and then we'll be able to announce that hopefully quite shortly. ITF-130 is now been announced. That's the higher regency Vancouver that we've been back to a number of times. And we are of course looking for a meeting host for that. ITF-131 in Asia, we have held some site visits to a relatively large country there to look at potential venues and we are hoping to and we're in the negotiations now about that. So that's moving forward. ITF-132 Europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out. And ITF-133 is not on here in North America but we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in South America for that. So that's where we currently are with our meetings booking. We're a little bit behind but we have so many of them quite close that we'll catch up quickly and then we'll be a bit ahead. I think by the end of this year on meeting bookings. So that's it for me. Thank you very much. I'm out to Annigove to Miriam. Thanks, Jay. I hope you can hear me and see me. My name is Miriam Kunah. I'm the board of the LLC. I'm the chair of the LLC board that's more correct and I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term, studying at this meeting. I think Cindy is going to control my slides. So please go on to the next slide. This is the full board. You can see here Gonzalo and George are there with you in person. Romain is just so awesome. Online, I'm online here and Shawna cannot join us for this meeting. But you're all watching. So next slide please. Yeah, this is the traditional financial overview of the end of year balance and I'm not going to go through all the numbers. You can do that in your own time. I mean for transparency reasons obviously we put them here on the slide. So they are published. You see some notes there. So if you go to the next slide, you'll see some explanations and more details can be find always in the financial statements that we publish every month and then also at the end of the year. Overall, one thing to note here is that there are some like higher numbers as budgeted. So the positive variances there are mostly comprised of and additional endowment contributions which always welcome. I suck matching funds. Also the annual contributions from I suck and I'm unrealized gains from investments that we have and there. So that's good news. So next slide please. This is some items that the board is currently working on. We're still working on the Secretariat contract. We tendering that's ongoing. We've published the 2026 budget after consultation after community consultations. So that's out on the website. As you've seen, we've piloted the remote room. We piloted this like new feature with remote rooms for ITF meetings and I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions. It seems to work really well. And so well, thanks mostly to LSE staff and they are a great good I think what took the lead for making this this possible. And we're going to evaluate the experiences with this and after the meeting and see how we can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual retreat in April. The board retreat you're preparing for that to look at like future planning, strategy, risk register and other plans that we do in kind on an annual basis. One thing that's not not on here, but it's certainly also on our mind, meeting network and and and and the meeting locations. And really I want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists specifically also on meeting networks. And and we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed and tomorrow I believe in gen dispatch and then I will see where that goes after that. And so yeah please watch that space and contribute to that work. The next slide please. You can also contribute to our work well by participating in our board meetings here with monthly board meeting. You have the dates there also on the website and and Michelle is a secretary. She always sends out announcements for the board meetings. So they're open to observers at least like when I partially part of the meetings we also have some close sessions with staff and J. But yes please join us for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to to our work. Next slide please. I think that's about it. Yes you can find a lot more information on the websites from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements and also here are a number of of mailing address mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. The admin discusses our generic kind of administrative mailing lists where most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. Let's distribute. Well let's start with thanking the outgoing IB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen has been know him as fluffy and I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair. Now that he's not on the IB anymore. Maybe. But seriously you have been it's so good to talk to you when you when we talk any technical discussion you go directly to the heart of the matter and with that much clarity of thought it has been amazing having discussions with you. Maria you have served a decade on the leadership at the ad IV and ISE every term with so much dedication, so much hard work. It has been amazing. The things that you have done as the IB chair have such a lasting impact. You have opened the IB with the way we do liaisons, the way we even are website revamp. So everything that we think of IB as current has been done under your leadership and it has been amazing. Tommy on the big screen always come collected, always clear and thought. As an IB chair you went through a transition. We had a bigger geographic and time zone dispersion. We had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well and there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an IB we went through a new activities with respect to more active participation at internet governance and you helped us. You made sure that each of us at the IB felt supported in all the activities that we do. So thank you. And finally Chen has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management operations and yank. And this is and Chen showed us the diverse participation matters. Having a viewpoint from looking from different areas, from different geography, bringing a different viewpoint to this IB is fundamental and Chen you have shown that in your last two terms. So with that I will ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four of our members. For the two outgoing members who are here we can use our photo opportunity, Naya and I invite you please. Thank you for your attention. Let's go this way. We won't have the photo opportunity for Tommy and Kalan but I think maybe somebody can make an AI generated one. With that let's do introductions and then we'll do open mic. For introduction let's start with Jason. Jason, living good IB. Mark Nalingham, IB. Me equivalent outgoing IB. Sir Ashkrishnan, IB. Warren, Camari and a surprising turn of events, IB. boil is carbon overseas. Are you able to publish? How can I be? Can we have remote folks Ali? Ali? Ali? Ali? Yes, sorry, sorry. You can hear me now. Yes. Hello, this is Ali. Ali Bigger, incoming guy, AB. Thank you. Colin? Fluffy, outgoing. Glad that the Floffiness is remaining on the IP. Thank you. Do we have Jenna or I don't need Jenna maybe? Matthew? Hi, I'm Matthew Botry, IAB. Nick? Nick Sullivan, incoming IAB. And Roman, how could we have me say give? I think we can't hear you, Roman. Okay, move on. Open mic, questions for Ivy. And somebody will help me with the queue. Oh, here we are not. Quite so. Congratulations to the new IAB's and thank you for those that are leaving. And so I have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by AB, especially on the years on. I think Mirya and Suresh are working on that one. I think this is pretty good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about years on. I observe for certain areas the needs to improve the collaboration framework. The years on are good, but they are just one part of the equation. We have seen in some areas like the game between ITF and SG-17. We started to have leadership. We started to speak to each other. I must say thank you to Jim Reed. I don't know where Jim is, but he was the one who pushed us here to do that. And that was good. We, however, it's only this week I realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other. And not that people don't want it. In fact, but people don't know. Not only don't know, but even I don't know. I don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process, tools, etc. That's probably something we should explore. The second thing is that I was approached with a lot of questions after my side meeting. I would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are doing to the IAB so that we can really intimately understand together how we work. What could be tangible actions we could do together? Then the next point is about opportunities. There is going to be on the ITF side, a plenty potentiary. That's supposed to be in Dua. We see what happens, but that's a big opportunity for revising resolutions. And I want to come back on the workshop on China and protection that the IAB promoted. Now, there is the window. It's slightly open to make a change in this resolution. If you have some desire space on what you are doing now, now is the moment. It never happens in years. And we managed to unlock the doors at member state level. But now they know that they are going to modify it. So if you want to size this opportunity, do it. The last point is about AI. AI. AI. So here, the frustration are the friction of three ITF meetings that each of them have at-site meetings. That took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream. I can understand Madrid. Morea. Now again, in fact, this week, we did the first official meeting with the buff catarist on the John TKI. So the problem is timing. And so if you move your brain until what's going to happen next, and you consider a number of risks, including for some from Cisco in November, that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap our stairs there. I am doing on my side three meetings, one plenary and one content week from now until next July. It's an offer. I can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings. Size it. Because this will give you input to prepare the July meeting in Vienna. We must have something in concrete in Vienna, because if. Confronts is quite risky, that's the only amount we can do something. So we better organize ourselves and we are together to say exactly what we do in Vienna. And I will bring all the input to need. Let's make it happen. So I know it's a lot of things. You don't need to answer now, but these are things we can do or find it. Yeah. Thank you. Let me tackle just a few points very quickly. We will not go in depth for all of them with respect to liaisons. I completely agree. The first thing that we have to do is relationship. I think that's when we do best. When we have people who are participating in both organizations and when we have that. So any ideas that you have in which we can make sure that people find each other. And we can up to discuss. We can, of course, maybe get some better tooling whichever way you have that we find people reach out to us. We want to do this better. With AI, the last question, I think I'll leave that to ISG from the IAB side. I think we are watching. We are. We help during the buff preparation with catalyst with other things. So we are watching, but that question specifically with side meeting and everything. It's for the ISG. So hold on to that. Remind me any other for the two other questions? For ITP. So thanks for bringing it up. We have plans to participate. We are discussing. This is still a lot of inputs coming in. Let's continue the conversation. Does any other IAB member wants to add? Yeah, please go. Yeah, I actually appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this way forward. And like you are helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups in ITU, I think actually that works very well. And it's too set. Like if you need to improve, we can do that. But I'm actually very positive that I'm seeing that. So thank you for that. There is one regret I have. I just can say that. Tommy and I discussed an idea of a workshop on a John T. K. I. That would have helped remove a lot of hits and get the debates on. We didn't do it. I don't know why that one. But that's something that IAB could have done. In now it's too late. But we have another way we can do it and actually for the life. For the liaison piece, in fact, there is something that is simply a lack of practice. In terms of the community here to understand the consensus to answer early on statement. Because for us, sometimes tell us, don't do it. That would help us enormously because until we receive something from the community here saying, I tell you, don't do that. I cannot show that to member states. So there are few simple things that either literally procs together. We can pursue the message and help you organize that. It's easy. We not take too much time and everybody will be happy. I think we have made a bunch of improvements on that. We have been sending acknowledgements at least. And as well as nudging various groups where action is needed. But as we have discussed this multiple times, it's just a very different fundamental way that two organizations work. We have to find a middle ground. Let's continue to talk. Any other? Any other? We have one more person, but I can see the name. Andrew. I just wanted to just. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just going to be able to do that. I just wanted to. Yeah. It's easy. I'm just going to be really. Yeah. I'm just for the work over the last two, three years on outreach. It has made a difference. I think that's the one that's been shifted. The reputation of the community significantly in other bodies. So thank you for doing that. Please continue. Thank you, Andrew. I didn't catch everything, but it seemed a little like you were happy. So that's good. Anyone else? Otherwise going once, going twice, and I. G. So I'd welcome the incoming and outgoing IS due to the stage. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. As we've heard in some of the other leadership bodies, now is the time in March where we have the leadership turnover. And here at the IST, we have three outgoing members that I've had the distinct pleasure on serving with. First Eric Klein is our outgoing internet area director who has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the IST. You've helped us through some tough deliberations and whether you know it or not, you have implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the U.S. West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda. And this other kind of approach that practical approach get us, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement like BTF where we merge the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IATF approach is on. The IST is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And you know, we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. Next up is always Steve who is the outgoing application and real time director who served one term. Or he yearn a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the RED but you're also the shadow second with AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stats. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The IST is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDO's and in the open source community. So already really thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Witter's who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways but you know Paul for Stupa I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a sec area. So being a sec area AD with you was great because you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area, how we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So kind of first thank you for that. I also wanted to mention like your community per se your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting if meeting efficiency in the IST you may have actually left the largest legacy which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the IST productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard which very much help us get things done. So thank you for that and in all seriousness thank you very much for your services. Paul thank you for all of you outgoing ADs. So Ori we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul we will mail something to you as well. All right so we have historically had the transition if we can have the next slide the passing of the dots so the dots are getting passed from incoming to from outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid of course as you can see kind of on the stage so we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen and Charles you're going to get us started. Okay everyone I'm Charles Ekel incoming art AD. Andy Newton art AD or steel outgoing art AD. Roman Danidio Jen Tommy Jensen incoming in TAD. Eric your turn. Sorry. So Eric the other Eric being the other ongoing entity and by the way stepping down next year so if you want to receive to be an entity please talk to me. My hash management side of up saving. Shingy shot Ruth and ad Kita thank everybody I happen to be on the vella in had going out going in coming super Navaru ances say it Boo Oly Benny Chris tannaz CEO SakET Zeus All others are going second. Through the incoming I feature. Mike Bishop with AD. Going first renewing AD for what? Tommy. Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video. So Tommy Polly is the outgoing I. A feature. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. You know, we're going to be down to only one, one Tommy. And one Eric. Okay, so the mic line is open. Questions for the I. The I. Yes. The. Okay. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. I'm. Hopefully a straightforward one although it might involve the I. I think I would be there. I think I would be there. I think I would be there. Maybe as well. Both dispatch on Monday. And catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps. A little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks were presenting new ideas might be a good thing. . I think it's convenient things would be an excellent tool. So to husband, it would be big maybe in the. The clubs in Sweden and in the The There on Hungarian. The Zulu chap, we're very much. Who is going to be implementing this. Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for bob professors. as the helpers, but especially in dispatch that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with in your sort of dispatch groups and buffs taken on something like that. And I realized that means I probably volunteered to write some text. Did you just say you're going to volunteer to write some text? So I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need some another type of a form or something like that. So allow it to be sure to take that and try to work on it. So I think that's a great idea. All right. Just anyone else from the ice tree have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Yeah. Well, we've definitely take the method back. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participation for the community to help us with that. But I think some of those questions are pretty well now. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a working progress. We're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up, realizing that the dispatch is a kind of a critical mechanism to hack to onboard New York because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, are no. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes, I am. Just realize you were not here yesterday. So as Drew has sent the question on the, on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agency AI situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say, chair was the way forward. And my complaint is a bit here is that three meetings with three time side meetings at this level of enthalpy that it does create. And in fact, we could, that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have, we cannot have consensus. We cannot organize our sales. We are not trading charters. We are not so. That's a lot of time that we lost. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something and to be very direct. I would like to see a little bit more prescription. Just to use that from the leadership here to say, the guidance is this, whatever you guys want to do. Okay, but I think we need to be a bit more driven to, to stop this, this, this on top. So, so. Yeah, I would say we've heard from multiple angles are no like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI and there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. And, you know, in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the itf with how we run things in tightly bound charters and, you know, what is the approach to on ramp it, you know, in there, the boss that you know that we just had in catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of the things that we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the that the I issue takes up at its at its strategy meeting slash got offsite about how to convert the energy not just in AI and side meetings into structural things in the in the standards process. And I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting, you know, between IATFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim buffs it's a relatively new procedure I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca previous RID helped set that up. And if that's something that your, you know, communities or groups that have been meeting and side meetings would like to make use of I volunteer my to fellow RID's to take your requests, but I do think meeting between meetings is something we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, sorry. So the the I cannot do that for you. I mean, I don't know enough what what's possible, but that that's certainly a post video. Just as a point of benchmark and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of members date. So we, you we had the first meeting on a John T. K. I this week thanks to Adrian and and the team on the catalyst. That's the one for me step one started December 24. Who in 15 months, I am where I am, but it took me 15 months of work to get incentives alignments understanding creation restructuring to just think about the time it takes to get there. And the time is evaporating the industry is burning billions of fictions at the amount. And we have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There's a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side on the bottom of the approach and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well other SDUs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree to solve the AI. Problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not not only disorganization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDUs and professional kind of organizations and open source to kind of get us get us there. Okay, thank you. So I, Jen, you're next in the queue. Yeah, I'm from in China. I have the similar concern for the working of AI agent in the ITF. You know, you this meeting there are about over 60 and 70 and 80 days. And I think many of them, many content, many of them content is overlapped. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward these work. You want more formal manners. Okay. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, cut up for that feedback again to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior. The catalyst, Bob is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring in our intersections of the existing work that we have the existing areas that we have each one of those has some mechanism to to onboard with the dispatch process or dispatch like work groups. So we should also leverage those processes just because again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Martin Duke, a contrary to popular belief. I'm not in Tokyo. I was president of the creation of the mega dispatch experiment however many ITFs that was. And I kind of feel like the, I'm very conscious probably more than most people how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF. But I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counter programming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly we collapsed that to really self contained groups that that really have no interaction with anything else. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users. The power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch from common on new work. And I have to be sure they have a moku now. My work group is actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. But I just, I just want to leave the comment with the IHD. Let's, let's try to preserve that, that model for dispatch. We really get a lot of good cross area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. So, we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glam all the areas kind of together. So we of course have ended up with this federated a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together like sec with and art, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Okay. Next up, Roberta. Your next. Hi. Hi. I have a question related to maybe from foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information like information about areas that might not be applyable to the engineering work specifically that would be the non working groups, but that might be foundational. to people comprehend some of the, you know, some of the terms that has connection with it. For example, for agent take AI agents and AI itself, where would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how agents work and that part of you know, the foundational models, those kind of information that might make difference for the way that people do draft. Is there a place that we can, you know, join information and do some. Maybe a state of art of some of the firms and things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it. I don't pretend to understand all the dimensions of the information that you want to capture, but if you're asking for what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that are happening in the area and how people are applying it and engineering on top of it. I think the answer would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross cutting and have that as adorable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the itf. I think the answer would be to produce an idea in internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization. Thank you. The same topic if you're going to add. Even if you talk to one area director, it can easily refer you to others. Right. And I've done it multiple times. DM is in art. It started in inference. Right. So it's quite common. We go through each other. All right. So I'm seeing the queue line empty. Would anyone else like to jump into queue to pose a question or make a comment. I'm pausing waiting. James. James, we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic. I think we have a mic. James, we. You have dropped. Okay. Any other questions? Okay. In that case, I.S. G. Thank you and we'll move to the next of our open mics. Thank you. Hello, I hope you can hear me. This is the LLC's open mic and if all this well, George and Gonzalo will make up their way to the stage. Well, Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, this Jay, I can see you all taking seats. Taking up your seats. Great. Thanks. I think we're ready. Do you want to do a quick introduction, please on stage starting with George. George, Michaelson, LLC board. On fellow Camarillo, LLC board. Jay, daily, I.T. executive director. Then we have you Roman. Roman Janelia. All seaboard. And me. I'm Kuna. I'll see you board. See a list of people in the queue. So who will go first, please? Oh, cameras facing the wrong way. Doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the in person fever. I'm having a. I find that the process. The decisions I made very late and the process is as if design more suited for North American and European audiences than rather than us who are living in Asia because. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to. Even for me to travel to a neighboring country. I'm in India. I need to travel to China. I need a visa and that process takes. Easily one to two months. And for that reason, last, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous I. That the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me and advance itself that. Yeah, it's not possible for you to make that decision. Unfortunately, I basically had to withdraw my request because I would come to one month and it was not possible for me to. I'm not sure if I can apply for a visa and then arrange for last minute travel because even last minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from. For example, India people who are working independently like me are going to want to come to it. I'm being bringing work consistently to it. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global South can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF and the learned of a similar situation actually didn't move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visa can be accommodated. Thank you. So let me take that question, Miriam, because that's this is an LLC matter. This is the ITF chair matter. So yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. Your, your exactly right, the IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach for the for the things giving out by the ITF chair is one month out. And that's largely historically been done to to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long term kind of sustainment and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF is run. So they're very fundamentally kind of different approaches for for why those why those those fee waivers are handed out, but your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long term visa. They have a longer range kind of visa kind of challenges. So it may take any time for that paperwork to do process. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And you won't commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in to tranches one to continue doing it as as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially. manage to to do an early tranche of approvals because I do M I am starting to get them earlier earlier after typically meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing so stay tuned around. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks for coming. Next up is Mark. Hi, I'm Mark Naniam. So the presentation we've said the secretary contract is still being renegotiated. And I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Are there can you communicate anything about why that is other major sticking points? No. And can't explain anything about it. So note of the first part, but not of the second. Yeah, more note of the first one and note of the second one. So there aren't any sticking. Sorry, so there are no that everything is continuing smoothly. These things just take some time. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Jay. Thanks, others. Andrew. Hi, good morning, hopefully. Good evening, rather than hear me. I just want to say I was in the ICANN meeting in Mumbai last week, which is a fantastic meeting in a great venue. ICANN's agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITS. Yet, from my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge the duty to consider India. As a future venue, I think it'd be excellent for us to go there and ICANN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for that feedback, Andrew. Let's go to here. Pete. I'm in the past couple of weeks actually once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments, which at least are interpretable as the IETF LLC is the IETF. For some of us old crusty folks, that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world that the SDO is completely independent of the LLC is sort of part of the charter of the LLC that there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the IETF as far as I know, the IETF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper or if I'm missing something. Yeah, thanks for bringing this up. Pete, I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there is any confusion. I don't know Jay if you want to comment on that, but I don't think we would say the you know the LLC is equals the IETF. Yeah, so to be clear, I wasn't saying that the IETF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the IETF LLC is constructed to at times be the LLC. Sorry to that times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was if somebody takes legal action against the IETF, then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7000 individual participants that turn up and it will not be on behalf of those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases. It will be the IETF LLC. This is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it. The IETF LLC is one of those moving parts. The community has created it and controls it and has given it a role and at times in that bowl it has to be the IETF. The other one I gave you example was the trading name that the IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF of things. So what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation and to say that that nuance view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that. The problem the problem I have is if the IETF, the SDO was dragged into court for some reason. I believe the LLC would go to court. I don't think that makes the LLC the IETF. The IETF, the SDO is those 7000 individuals. Now I don't know how a court deals with that problem but at least within the community there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF, the SDO and the IETF and if for purposes of contracting and other things a DBA does not bother me if the IETF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing businesses the IETF whatever that's a business relationship. And this community when speaking in this community making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO I think is important and I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. Well thanks for pointing this out Pete and Bill. Yeah, I don't know how to respond to this at this stage I wasn't in there in the comments were made but the I will discuss this and how to make sure to not come across this confusing badly. Thanks. Hi, thanks for the first time. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with with the visas in our particular case we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows and unfortunately we just got there approval two days to late corresponding to their to their flights. That's that's nobody's fault I mean it's just the way it goes I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how do we apply to visa so what we discovered that we ourselves that's our fault we did not pay attention to the Chinese New Year was right in the middle. And so for 10 12 days the embassy was closed in Delhi. And that just delayed the whole thing what would otherwise have been a process that would have taken reasonable amount of time and this and time to get the visas done because of that closure it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that was ever a part of the thinking process and if not what it would be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations just to make sure that those kind of big gaps may not get into on the way. So I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist in the for the meeting when you're planning but then it's a good point we could. It's probably not always going to be possible in order to add this into the planning cycle but it's definitely something we can take into account. Thank you. Who's next Eric. Hi, so there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting by the suitability of this venue and other people will be able to attend. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in the majority of participants for a moat and also huge fraction of leadership including by my account the majority of the IESG any IAB or remote. Do you have any comments about what exactly. the suitability of this venue in way of those facts. Well, I can point you to Roman statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and on site compared to other meetings. Yeah, and I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to really well actually know especially also for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization, including you but I would notice. Yes, including myself and I'm participating remotely this is not the only ITF I'm not participating in person I mean so I guess it's up to everybody individually to to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable I mean there are a lot of people on site, especially from the country and neighboring countries so that seems so worked out well. I don't know if there are any other comments on other. What members. Since the IESG was kind of mentioned kind of speaking from that yeah there there definitely is not the full complement of the IESG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that, as I had my kind of plenary slide almost all of us are are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel and participate in different in different venues is kind of contingent on set approval and a number of parties at least on the IESG I won't speak for the other leadership bodies. I mean we're not kind of approved and this is what that that turnout kind of looks like we're waiting from the IESG side at least we are waiting for the post meeting survey to get feedback on you know what what what what was what was the experience of kind of all the participants in particular we're looking for. Any measure that are reporting back for the in person survey, so we are going to have some after you know as an after action, some perspective on. What what those experiences are from the very kind of quick looks, we had. participation may also be uneven across areas about how much remote and is on site, but it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see any on the stage. Next up, Rahul again. So building on my question as well as John Francois's question. Is there any long term consideration by it on the venue based on the visa requirements because just for example here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen, but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. And I understand that the hosts would have some considerations, but in general in the long term and again Bangkok was very suitable when you that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah, I mean, if you're very hint to them, if you're also dependent on the host, certain extent and and and you know finding venues and etc and also I think what we've explained earlier, you know, similar discussions is that it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the pain if you will and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas go to other countries. So in this case, you know, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate and and so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people, you know, gets hit by difficulties in each time. But yeah, I hear you I it's difficult to to find the perfect venue for in that respect, you know, other countries. No other comments from our side, I think on that. No. Yes. I'm here. I'm trying to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment, but I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China passing the passport getting the no visa and all of that was extremely good and frankly speaking, it's delightful. But first time in Shenzhen, I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot be there. I can understand some of you have some limits by your own corporations for other reasons. That's bad, but again, we should not let geopolitics come into this organization. We should not. Right, very simple. We are going to have enough problems on that and we were going to see what happens in November. I'm really curious. But we should not allow that to continue. That will be a dangerous pass for the ATF to put in you in this direction. So that's when come on. So thank you for organizing this. It must have been the long way for our host to do all of this work and I'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal. The second thing I would like to say as well is to come back on Pizz comments. I think Pizz makes a very important point. We should not confuse the two sides and we should be very, very clear on the demarcation that's in the dimension. Thank you. Thanks, Arneil. Jason. I, Jason, living good. This is in response to a Pizz question. I will first say I'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because I wasn't. And any of those meetings where I heard things say, but I would encourage people to reread our C8711 pretty straightforward. And section four three that LC is established to provide administrative support to the ITF. There's no authority over the standards development activities of the ITF. And it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting, fundraising like fundraisers and so on. Compliance and it's legal home. So it was the case way back before the ISA two activity that the standard development practice was like this more fist thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird. That's not the case anymore. It was put underneath a legal umbrella, you know, kind of protected by this limited liability corporation. But it was also clear when the function was established, there would be a separation between the standards development activities which are dependent operated by like the ISG and, you know, so on and so forth. And then you had this legal structure. So the docs are pretty clear, but I'm not clear on whatever the questions were might be worth having a sidebar if there's confusion and happy to help because, unfortunately, I think I might have been involved in some. questions. Thanks for clarifying this and yes, you've done a tremendous job in your term on the LLC board. Thanks for pointing to that RFC. Any comments from any of us on stage? No, seeing none. Next up is Victoria. Hi, Victoria, well, Paula. I didn't plan to come with the mic. I did want to offer a different perspective to what Echol said. I think that having and also to some of the comments, I've read in the chat. I mean, I think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing. So even if it meets the goal of some, many like, we'll have some remote. Actually, I think this is exactly the purpose of why the organizations like the idea for all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places. It is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a chance to come to the meeting to come at least one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue. And it is up to us, not as meaning the regular side, I don't know if I'm a regular by now, not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular continues to us. And to this extent, I mean, to a certain extent, it was, I mean, in multiple sessions, I saw drafts presented by newcomers being met with their usual unfortunately, attitude by IDF regular. So, I mean, conditions or outright hostility or just to away. So I know the idea has been putting effort in this in changing this kind of attitude, but it's still there. And this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions. So in the end, yes, it's also said honestly that there are so many members of the leadership here. I'm sure they had all very good reasons not to be here, but the fact that we had the largest meeting ideas of the idea ever and possibly meeting with the solid to maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever is something we have to think about. I think I'm sure that all of you may know a possibility efforts to be here in person, but still the result is not satisfactory, maybe. Thanks. Thanks for your comments. Victoria. Ron. I may. I, yeah, I, I support the fact that we came to China and several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting. Several people will have similar meeting, similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in San Francisco and there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks. It's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go. We need to just suck it up. Okay, just let, let the process run. We need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here and not beat up everyone, unless you have a, unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go. That is going to meet all of the requirements and it's going to allow this, this regular change of, of venue so that things are, are convenient for different people in different continents. We need to, we need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for that comment. Roberta. Hey folks. I have, I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I have a concern going to United States, because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in United States, you can be, you can be retained over there. I wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have like a, some kind of support for people that are going over there that are afraid because it's for any reason why right, I used to be an article hacker. So I got some person of interest at least going on. So I wanted to ask, do your organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the United States and what are you planning as the country is on war right now right so how is going to be the support for attendees. Yeah. Thanks for being this up. I know people are concerned we discussed this before. And you know, similar to this meeting, I believe it's for everybody is individual to decide, you know, what the risk line if you can make it or not. I don't, I'm not aware Jay. I don't know if you want to comment on that. And if you can provide any legal support for individuals. I don't think we've done that in the past at least. Roberta, no, unfortunately that that's not something we can do it's too expensive. The liability is unlimited. It really has to be left of the individuals to do themselves. My biggest concern is that, you know, during the visa process might be everything okay and then we arrive over there and I have some instances of friends that have been detained and sometimes it's not, you know, just to go back home is to answer over there. It's more if we risk it. The organization might at least know that we are there, you know. We are effectively a business conference in terms of visas. And if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming to or coming to the US for that purpose, not going to work or anything like that. Then, you know, there are very, in fact, I'm not aware of any instances that somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country, not, you know, people coming to this sort of thing. I thank you for the comment, but actually I have some instances because of, you know, that comment everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry, but thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm sorry, I think I'm next. Just a quick follow on from what an answer. I found this to be a great venue. Everything's work really nicely. People have been great. Yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa, but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries. So, you know, we have a lot of people participants from China, that's I think is the right thing to do and good on us. Thanks for Martin. Hey, so I'm not sure that the LC board has really listened to the community when it comes to either China or the US. And I would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor for me to deal with as one of the factors in making decision. And I think that those people who suggested otherwise. Denying reality in to some extent. So I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard. And I think about metrics that matter as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. People are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people who turned up in person this time. If those people continue to participate then maybe that would be a success. If they do not then maybe we can learn something from that. And so I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point. But yeah, I don't know anybody else wants to comment on that. Nope. Then. There is my media working now. Yes. That's an excellent privilege. What I'm about to say. So I want to push back on our nose point. This is about geopolitics. I actually come on comes the opposite conclusion of Martin about politics being important. I think that the ice union LLC were correct in their discussion of with the community about this leading up to this selection that effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right load start to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time as geopolitics and truths are going to work more and more. I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world. The regulatory in positions we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique in if you look at a global context. So I would encourage the ISG and the LLC to take a careful and close look in retrospect at this meeting in the challenges we faced. And to take that into account as you look at future venue selections, whether the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective with venues we select. Thanks for the suggestion, which should be definitely doing that like without any other venue that we're going to things. So Mary, if the light on that particular kind of topic, Richard, you highlight, you highlight kind of a good point, which is that about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges and is there after any meeting a learning learning experience on, you know, is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future. So I would invite everyone that has interested in venue selection criteria to come to Jen dispatch tomorrow, we have a drafting presented on the topic of network requirements. And if we if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network kind of for the meeting, this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like. So please come to that that discussion, the LLC, I think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus. On what should be the venue selection criteria. And thanks for flag for my draft for a minute. I wanted to flag that a bit more broadly though for for the. I think that I just G and LLC right the the questions posed to the LLC and the ISG will this meeting be effective right there was a proactive prediction that you guys rest to make. And so I think as you're having board meetings, I used to retreat things like that, I think it would be useful for you these are bodies in you know internally to do some introspection as to whether those predictions to not be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future. Yeah, thanks. For that edition. Tony. Hi Tony Lee. I'm an American. The way the United States government is operating right now. The ITF cannot protect anyone. The government is running around. Basically, bands of bugs and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable. We've seen them detained citizens. We've seen them detained people who are legally there. There's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the US. Thanks Tony. Yeah, I don't kind of comment on this. This stage. Thanks for this and is of information. Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. Then I see one more Benjamin. Hi. So as a new participant in meetings with the ITF, the one thing that I have learned is at least from many of you is that work at the ITF happens on the mailing list. So to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this many choice and have an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thanks Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue a little over time. So I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around and have a great evening there. You're there in person. You're in before we sign off. Jay, do you want to repeat the social focused activity kind of tonight with the later. Yes. This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CN Nicka Huawei. So this will be a starting at 8pm for 15 minutes. There will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city centre. As I welcome to the ITF and I'm told the best place to see this from is the civic centre where there will be music as well for that. So eight o'clock it's about 10 15 minutes walk. You should see you all there. Jay. Okay. I'll say another question. I guess not microphone is off. So by the way enjoy. I think there's a lot of social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room. So feel free to take anyone. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.