reference: deterministic pass forwarding yeah okay it's this one i have got the slide so i am yeah okay just a minute okay okay just a moment for some technical dissiculty okay you have got it all right you have to give him the yeah yep now its working all right as we know today's data center use the cloud topology with IP forwarding and  usually BGP is the only used routing protocol. So this design is simple for a reason just because for reduce the cost maximize the  intorp but whenever you go simple there's always a limitation so here in the simple design all of those uh youdon't really have control its usually randomly passed to maximize the ECMP at every stage and BGP DPF on either side is trying to separate uh physical IP fabric into multiple logical fabrics or color fabrics and then we can map flows to different kind of fabrics to achieve node balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid fixturing. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabrics. To further explaint he DPF let me use a few uh use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is Queue pair pinning. This is a use case in AI ML fabric . Well today when one GPU want to send data towards another GPU. We use usually use the RDMA and the ROCEv2 can be used to send those flows and when you send a big chuck of data we also allow them to partition the big chunk of data into n number of equal amount of smaller chuck for better granularity. So each each chunk is identified by uh queue pair in the ROCEv2 header so if we map different flows into different kind of fabric in theory we can make sure each of the kind of fabric has perfect node balancing so this will help avoid the congestion proactively. A second use case is for the multi tenency for GPU as a service. Lets say we have a red tenant and a blue tenant they may have different SLA requirement and they may pay different prices so lets say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric and we map the red tenant towards the red fabric blue tenant with the blue fabric. This way their traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other and we could achieve different SLA for different categories of canon. There are also cases where people may want to avoid fate sharing and one such example is in the again in the AML fabric. Uh you may want to run your exception towards the green fabric while your data flow towards the red fabric and blue flow blue fabrics so that your exception flow don't share the same fate as your data flow and the other use case is in the factories people usually use the PRP which stands for paralled redundant protocol to control those robots and what PRP do is it try to replicate each packet into two duplicate two identical copies for redundancy. In case one copy is lost you robot is still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through disjoint paths. So in this example if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have help to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the EBGP session. No the way we color the fabric is ...
hypothesis: it amnestic pass forwarding yes okay it's this one yeah I've got the slide so I'm in my place yeah okay just okay hmm okay just a moment for some technical difficulty do you have it okay you've got it all right you have to give him the yeah yep all right as we know today's data center usually use the cloud topology with IP forwarding and usually BGP is the only used routing protocol so this design is simple it's designed simple for a reason just because for reduce the cost maximize the interop but whenever you go simple there's always some limitation so here in the simple design all of those you don't really have control it's usually randomly passed to maximize the ECMP at every stage and BGP DPF on the other side is trying to separate physical IP fabric into multiple logic fabric fabrics or colored fabrics and then we can map those to different kind of fabric to achieve load balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid fit sharing it is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabrics to further explain DPF let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it the first use case is called QPL pinning this is a use case in the AI ML fabric well today when one GPU want to send data towards another GPU and the AI ML fabric is the one that is used to send data to another GPU and the AI ML fabric is the one that is used to send data to another GPU and the AI ML fabric is the one that is used to send data to another GPU we use usually use the IDMA and the rocky v2 can be used to send those flows and when you send a big chunk of data we also allow them to partition the big chunk of data into n number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity so each each chunk is identified by a qpl in the rocky v2 header so if we map different flows into different flows and we can connect that to the data and then we can send a large chunk of data to another GPU so this is how that goes so now let's go back to the QPL in the rocky v2 header so if we map different flows into a data we can send it to the data so we can send a large chunk of data to another different colored fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the colored fabric has perfect node balancing, so this will help avoid the congestion proactively. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red tenant and a blue tenant, and they may have different SLA requirement, and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric, and we map the red tenant towards the red fabric, blue tenant towards the blue fabric. This way, their traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other, and we could achieve different SLA for different categories of tenant. There are also cases where people may want to avoid feed sharing. One such case is the case of the SLA. One such example is again in the AML fabric. You may want to allow the exception flow towards the green fabric, while your data flow towards the red and blue fabrics, so that your exception flow don't share the same feed as your data flow. The other use case is in the factories. People usually use the PRP, which stands for Parallel Redundant Protocol, to control those robots. What PRP does is try to replicate each packet into two identical copies for redundancy. In case one copy is lost, the robot is still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through this joint path. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the EPGP session, the way we color the fabric is
Word Error Rate: 0.363 (36.32%)
Substitutions: ['deterministic-> amnestic', 'yeah-> yes', 'i-> yeah', 'have-> ive', 'i-> my', 'am-> place', 'a-> okay', 'minute-> hmm', 'dissiculty-> difficulty', 'okay-> do', 'intorp-> interop', 'a-> some', 'uh-> you', 'youdont-> dont', 'either-> other', 'logical-> fabric', 'color-> colored', 'flows-> those', 'fabrics-> fabric', 'node-> load', 'fixturing-> sharing', 'explaint-> explain', 'queue-> called', 'pair-> qpl', 'rdma-> idma', 'rocev2-> v2', 'chuck-> chunk', 'chuck-> chunk', 'uh-> a', 'queue-> qpl', 'rocev2-> v2', 'kind-> chunk', 'kind-> colored', 'multi-> multitenancy', 'with-> towards', 'canon-> tenant', 'fate-> feed', 'example-> case', 'in-> of', 'run-> allow', 'your-> the', 'fate-> feed', 'paralled-> parallel', 'do-> does', 'you-> the', 'disjoint-> joint', 'paths-> path', 'ebgp-> epgp']
Deletions: ['okay', 'now', 'its', 'working', 'uh', 'he', 'uh', 'pair', 'of', 'tenency', 'and', 'uh', 'fabric', 'flow', 'blue', 'and', 'and', 'it', 'duplicate', 'two', 'help', 'no']
Insertions: ['it', 'im', 'in', 'it', 'okay', 'youve', 'usually', 'its', 'designed', 'simple', 'the', 'logic', 'fit', 'the', 'and', 'the', 'ai', 'ml', 'fabric', 'is', 'the', 'one', 'that', 'is', 'used', 'to', 'send', 'data', 'to', 'another', 'gpu', 'and', 'the', 'ai', 'ml', 'fabric', 'is', 'the', 'one', 'that', 'is', 'used', 'to', 'send', 'data', 'to', 'another', 'gpu', 'and', 'the', 'ai', 'ml', 'fabric', 'is', 'the', 'one', 'that', 'is', 'used', 'to', 'send', 'data', 'to', 'another', 'gpu', 'rocky', 'rocky', 'flows', 'and', 'we', 'can', 'connect', 'that', 'to', 'the', 'data', 'and', 'then', 'we', 'can', 'send', 'a', 'large', 'data', 'to', 'another', 'gpu', 'so', 'this', 'is', 'how', 'that', 'goes', 'so', 'now', 'lets', 'go', 'back', 'to', 'the', 'qpl', 'in', 'the', 'rocky', 'v2', 'header', 'so', 'if', 'we', 'map', 'different', 'flows', 'into', 'a', 'data', 'we', 'can', 'send', 'it', 'to', 'the', 'data', 'so', 'we', 'can', 'send', 'a', 'large', 'chunk', 'of', 'data', 'to', 'another', 'different', 'colored', 'and', 'the', 'case', 'sla', 'one', 'such', 'example', 'is', 'flow', 'this']
