Good afternoon, everyone. And if you're joining us remotely from someplace around the world, welcome to the plenary session of IETF 125 here in Shenzhen. It's my pleasure to facilitate us this evening. My name is Roman D'Anilio and I'm chair of the IETF. Next slide, please. As a reminder, you've already agreed to a number of processes and kind of policies here at the IETF. This note will just highlight some, but not all of them, to include our guidelines for conduct, our intellectual property rights. It describes and has references to our standards process and our working group guidelines, in addition to things like our IETF privacy statement. If you have any questions about this, please do talk to a working group chair or an area director. Next slide, please. Cindy, could I have the next slide, please? We are seeing the agenda slide right now. Ah, okay. I am seeing it as well. There's latency at times on the internet. So we have a very full agenda as we normally do. First, we're going to open up. Okay. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. So we're going to open up. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. So I believe that we can probably get to about half of a million people as we do with the meeting. So in this one, we're going to do a little zoom in with a greeting from our meeting host. Then, we are going to have a series of reports from the leadership bodies and committees. Next slide. Then, we're going to hear from the IETF Trust. And after that is going to be the IETF Administration LLC Report. And we always have time at the end, forming the bulk of the meeting, open mic for the we're meeting the order is going to be the IAB, the IASG, and then the IETF LLC. Next slide, please. So before we get started, I wanted to give a huge thank you to not only those that work so tirelessly before the meeting kind of starts and kind of here on site, like the secretariat, the MeetEcho team, the NOC team, and all the LSA staff, but also acknowledge all the hard work of the people that help us be productive even once we arrive on site. A big thank you to the RFC production and the IANA that push the documents as far forward in the pipeline and do the code point assignments, you know, as quickly kind of as possible. So when we arrive at the meeting, we're prepared to have discussions for the latest state. So I just wanted to again publicly kind of thank all of those individuals for their contribution. Please join me in welcoming them. Well, thank you for that. So next, I would invite to the stage Mr. Xian Kai, the Deputy Director of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for a welcome and a greeting for us here. Thank you. Thank you. I would like to welcome the Honorable Chairman of the Bureau of Information and Telecommunication Administration, and the Deputy Director, ladies and gentlemen, and friends. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I am very honored to be here with the expert of the global Internet technology field, Professor Qi Ju from Shenzhen, who is a member of the Bureau of Information and Technology, and the Director of the Bureau of Information and Technology, ayuding us to join IETF's 125th General Meeting of Congress. First of all, I would like to welcome to the oportunity of ear and it wasn't vain time for me. To be here as Iую to present the inheritor of the youtuber home, Mr. K. Taylor using this opportunity highly his STEVE After가ard seventy-fifty una". Thank you. As an international organization with great influence in the field of Internet, since the establishment of IETF, we have made irreplaceable contributions in the core agreement, architecture, and technical standards of the Internet, and established a solid technical foundation for the prosperous development of the Internet. We express our high praise for this. China preserves the spirit of opening, tolerance, cooperation, and win-win, and persists in open and cooperative technology, supports the deepening of international exchanges in the Internet technology community, and actively participates in the establishment of international technical standards, network infrastructure, and Internet communication, and promotes the construction of a peaceful, safe, open, and cooperative network space, to maintain the global Internet, which can be continuously expanded and innovated. Currently, the Internet is a key part of the development of the Internet, and the new technology in the field of Internet is growing rapidly. The integration of artificial intelligence and other technologies into the Internet has brought opportunities for development and new challenges. We look forward to the opportunity of this conference to discuss the advanced technology and innovative ideas of the Internet, and look forward to the development of more and more unbiased cooperation results to help the development of the global Internet industry. Let us join hands to open up innovation, and build a common network space and fate community, so that digital civilization can better take care of the people of the world. Finally, I wish you all a smooth and pleasant work and life in Shenzhen. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chen. Mr. Chen, thank you for your very kind words, and you're welcome, as we have returned back to China after almost a decade since we last met here. I now welcome to the stage, Ms. Zhang Xiao, the deputy director of CNNIC. We wanted to extend our sincere kind of thank you for all of your leadership and work in making this meeting happen for us here. We have a small token of appreciation presented to us by our board. Thank you so much for making this meeting happen for us. Thank you. All right. So next slide. So we now are going to move into the portion of the agenda where the different leadership bodies are going to provide their reports. I am first, from the perspective of the ISG, I tried to slim down the content we had here. I have a much more robust report. Please take a, if you're interested in more details for what I'm going to talk about here, or additional facts and kind of figures and summaries since we last met, please do click on that link that says, full report, and you'll see there's additional information. It's been updated a few times since it was initially issued. So next slide, please. And actually, if you could just jump one more slide as well. We have had a very robust meeting here in Shenzhen, and I wanted to put this all in kind of context. We are assembling as the largest group on site and that we've gathered in at least two years, maybe a little more in the historical context, but we have a very large group of people. This is the largest meeting we've had in Asia and the largest meeting we've had anywhere based on the registration count. So, you know, phenomenal to see the community to come together. You'll see that the distribution of remote and on site is within the bands that we've had in historical meetings. I think the one piece of excitement that I, of the early stats that I saw coming in, is that if you look around, you know, you're sitting to your left, it's one person to your right, and one other person to your right. One of those people is new to the IETF, unless you are. So one quarter of almost one quarter of participants here at the IETF have never been to a meeting before, and we're delighted to have them here as part of the community. If you are one of those newcomers to the IETF, all I can say is welcome. We're thrilled that you're here, helping us shape the future of the internet. Please join a mailing list. Please do continue to engage in the working groups after this face-to-face time concludes. And we hope that maybe we'll also see you in Vienna or perhaps in San Francisco, the future venues we have for our meetings. Next slide, please. Unsurprisingly, we have participation from around the world and you can see some of the more detailed statistics here. And also equally unsurprising, we have a very, very robust participation from China, given that we are here. Next slide, please. Since we last got together, the IESG has issued no statements. And the majority of what we focused on in our announcements was related to an appointment to the IETF Trust and to the IPMC. So first, we want to publicly say very much kind of thank you to Sean Turner, who has been selected. And we really appreciate your willingness to serve, Sean. We also did an announcement for calling for volunteers for BCI. And we have a number of other moderators, including the ICP 245 moderators. And I'm going to just talk about that a little bit later. Next slide, please. We continue to process appeals. We received two appeals since we last got together and we processed both of them. You can see from the historical, from the chart on the historical appeal volumes that 2025 was record with a look back of almost kind of 10 years. Next slide, please. Next slide. Next slide, please. I just wanted to take this opportunity, since all the other areas have their summaries of what's happening, to talk a little bit about what's happening in the general area, primarily because everything that happens in GEN affects each and every one of you in the room. Because the processes defined in GEN impact every working group and everything published in the IETF stream. To showcase, if you are interested in anything related to how IANA and CodePoint work, Next slide, please. points are specified here in ITF documents, please join us in the IANA BIS working group. If you aspire to tailor, to change, or to evolve how we run the standards process, how working groups operate, please join us in the PROCON working group, the process document and consolidations. If you have interest in contributing around how intellectual property is managed here at the IETF, please join the IPR-W working group. Effectively being discussed now is setting requirements for the transition to the IPMC and updates to our intellectual property framework in RFC 5378. To return back to that one announcement that I said I'd talk more about, the Mod Pod working group worked very hard and delivered their primary artifact, which was RFC 9945, which defines a new approach to community modeling. If events are known, why would you do that? Coloring the building and having that great vision with folks that I was just talking about yesterday is all Campbell Cox knows and he's does an amazing job. Which is important, it's not what the work and the R understanding attestation, or what those numbers are going to look like politically and psychologically. It's who, what the work is, and who us is, and what the abilities are, and what the goals are in that smiley expression as in the context of a whatsapp message. HOPEething's platform please join the work. Thank you. be excellent in that role, even if it is not you, we welcome that feedback as well, and we'll consider it and we'll reach out to them. And then the last highlight is that the IAB, who is in charge of liaison relationships, working with the other standards kind of organizations, is revising those procedures, which are codified in RFC 4052 and 4053. And they're being actively discussed on the architecture. It appears we've lost Roman. If you could please stand by for one minute. All right. I think I'm back. You are back. Excellent. So as I was saying, the liaison procedures are being revised. And so if outreach and interconnect with other standards organization is your passion, this will also be another time to engage. So hop on to Architecture Discuss to get into the early discussion, and we're going to be bringing that into the IETF. So next slide, please. So I wanted to almost end this thing with two thank yous. So the first, I wanted to acknowledge that the vast majority of your ADs are sponsored by someone. They pay for their time and pay for their travel. And this enables them to be here to serve the community and also to do that each and every week. And here is an acknowledgement of those entities that make that possible for the ADs. So next slide, please. And then I wanted to end with another thank you, which is to Stephanie McCammon. So for those of you who are not aware, Stephanie currently supports us as the director of meeting operations and sponsorships. But she will be, unfortunately, exiting from that role. For the last 20, almost 20 years, Stephanie has worked to give us this productive space that we are in now in so many places around the world, about 54 of those. And that space that she's given us has allowed the velocity of our standardization to continue to reach and penetrate and make the, to penetrate all the technologies kind of around the world in an interoperable way. And so I'm really happy to be here. You can comment and see if we can talk about some of these small details. Stephanie really has cut out a lot of the fun, the micro pieces. But she really is a kind of a tech Rosie who has been able to invest in the community in an interoperable fashion and to make the Internet operate. No detail has been too small for her, whether it's making sure that we are in this venue and these venues can service the kinds of conversations that we need to have. She's also worked tirelessly to help us pay for our ability to convene in for all of these places. That's been the two exact parts about the meeting ops and the sponsorship. And as you can see there, I don't know how many times around the world you've flown on our behalf, Stephanie. Hopefully this has been a more solid conversation. Thanks for your time, Andrea for those great presentations. Interviews we had. We had a lot of time spent on it. And honestly, the years you've been away from your family and friends to allow us to be productive here with, you know, really all we can say is thank you. Thank you so much. And best of luck with your with your next kind of engagements and the next kind of part of your career and your opportunities. So thank you so much on behalf of the community. So next slide, please. I now turn it over to Dhruv Dhodi, who, congratulations, is the new chair of the IAB. Hello, everyone. I'm Dhruv Dhodi. I'm the incoming. IAB chair. Next slide, please. Perfect. Yes. So we have the full IAB report, which you can find on our website, as well as on the ITF 125 proceedings. But this we will keep it short and sweet. We did one workshop recently in December, which was on IP address geolocation. The initial report is out and we had a good discussion in the IAB open as well. So check it out. Those videos, as well as the videos of the whole workshop. Everything is available on our IAB page and data track up. We did a bunch of outreach activities. We were at the ICAN 85 last week in Mumbai, which went quite well. Warren and I were there. Warren was also at the APICOT and APNIC meeting in Jakarta, where we talked about what's happening at this ITF meeting and inviting more participants from the operator from the region to come to Shenzhen. As well as Robin was at WSIS plus 20 high level UN meeting where the outcome document was adopted by consensus, which is something we from the technical community and IAB has been participating at. Appeals, we responded to three appeals since the last ITF meeting. And with that, let me pass it on to Dirk, who will talk about IRTF. Thank you, Drew. Hello, I'm Dirk Kutscher. I'm the IRTF chair. So before I give you my updates, I'd like to say a few words. So as IRTF chair, I see it as my job to bring in new communities, especially the younger generation, the next generation in our community. So we're doing quite a bit of outreach, training and so on. And so. At this meeting, I have received really great support. I just realized in the past days. So there has been a young tenant program in China supported by some of the sponsors here that brought 60 students from like 30 different communities to this meeting. There has been a research fellowship program in Malaysia that brought students here, not only this meeting, but also previously. And there is a program in Brazil. That brought 18 people to this meeting. And so the Brazilian friends, they had the longest journey by far. So they were on the road or on the plane for two or three days. And could the Brazilians maybe please stand up so that we can see you all. Welcome to the IRTF. So they can see you. So they can see you. So they can see you. So they can see you. So they can see you. So they can see you. So they can see you. So they can see you. So they can see you. So they can see you. So they can see you. So they can see you. So they can see you. And I think they come all this way to engage with us, to meet the experts, to meet the leadership. And I really hope this will be worthwhile. OK. So in the IRTF we have 16 research groups at the moment. And 11 of them are meeting this week. So we still have meetings by Crypto Forum, RASP, RG, and Network management, RG, coming up in the next 2 days. Please check that out. Then we have the applied networking research workshop and the applied networking research price. That's these two instruments are intended to raise the profile of our committee in the research committee, support high quality research, and also get new ideas, new people in. And A&W, the workshop is kindly supported by ACM SICOM and Akamai. And we do this yearly at our summer ITF meetings. So next one will be in Vienna, ITF 126. The workshop chairs are Thomas Schmidt and Suresh Krishnan. Thanks very much for doing the work. The call for papers is open. Please submit your papers until April 17th. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So this is my last report as the ITF NomCom chair for this cycle. These were the people of the NomCom 25-26 cycle. The voting members, some of them are here. So please thank them if you see them in the hallway. I've seen one of my NomCom members in the Tokyo remote hub. So people in Tokyo, thank him also. And here are the non-voting members, the liaisons and my advisor, Dejan. Good. But it's not about us. It's about selection for this year. So we're very happy with the current selection. So we had one selection for the LLC board, one for the ITF Trust and IPMC, six selections. And we have six selected candidates for the IAB, two-term period. And for this year, the ITF chair and for the six areas candidates and assigned for the period of two years. So I'd like to thank all the people that are willing to serve for the next term, willing to serve the ITF. Thank you very much. Good. One thing I want to mention is diversity. Of course, that's something that's important to us, to our community and also to the NomCom. We got a day training this year, like last year, about unconscious bias, et cetera. So that's important. I think that's something that the NomCom was very aware of also during the whole process of reviewing. Interviews and the deliberations. Some highlights here are, well, not highlight per se. There's no gender diversity improvement this cycle. So we're aware of that. We're conscious of that. But of course, we try to improve every year. But this is an observation here. We improved on regional diversity. That's a good thing. So different voices, different perspectives are good for our community. And so there's a constant. There's constant improvement here. And we try to improve the process and the awareness of everything. I call it here the leadership pipeline. Young people, new leadership, next generation leadership. And we also hear that from the community. In every review, all the reviews we receive. Thank you, ITF community, for your reviews, for your feedback on the nominees. It's important and stressed. Think about the new generation, about the next generation leadership. So with the incumbents interviewing the nominees that are already in leadership position, the NOMCOM members always ask about thinking about your succession. And luckily, most of them think about it and are actually already mentoring candidates for or nominees, actually, for the next NOMCOM cycle. And of course, it's up to the NOMCOM in one, two, three, four years to select the nominee. But it's good that we have. Nominees to select from. So thanks. Yeah, as I already said, we are aware of it. We are doing our best. We are in a good place, but we can always do better. So it's a constant process. Another thing is, well, lessons learned. The first bullet point is the same as last year and as the year before. It's a good document, our RFC 8713. But. The impractical situations. It doesn't say anything about. Well, new situations or things we haven't thought of. So, well, there's one thing mentioned. The chair can with the NOMCOM always come up with a rule and with some voting and decide how to process and well, and accept it or not expected situation. So it works. As in the same bullet point here. The NOMCOM process. Relies on the chair and on the oral tradition. And that works also. But and that's now now a new point. I want to work on at least some basic documentation. How the things work. Some steps basic steps, at least how to proceed through the NOMCOM as a chair. And that could also help with the help of well, kind of delegating task to the secretary because more and more tasks are now taking care of the secretary. So it's good to have some documentation. And mostly the practical stuff. That's yeah. And also for myself at least during the deliberations. I spent a little bit too much time on the voting. It's just to be simple process, but I was counting the yes and no so simple. But yes, maybe no, but it becomes more difficult. And then you have all kind of rankings. So I think for the next year, it's good to have this little bit automated. So it can focus on the process and on the discussions and not so much on counting and making mistakes or being corrected for mistakes. So finally. Yeah, some words of thanks. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to be the NOMCOM chair for this cycle. It's very learn. Well, I learned a lot and was super interesting and it was very rewarding. Also the ITF community was very. Supportive in the beginning. I made some mistakes and as you are you directly send me an email that I made a mistake, but it was always supportive people help me out. So thank you. Also the NOMCOM voting members were very very dedicated. So I was a great team. I mentioned that already during the November ITF meeting. And again, the chairs advisors and the liaisons helped me with the process and advice. It's almost. I get an award for the Oscar Academy Awards with all the thank yous. Good. Before I leave the stage. I want to call out volunteer for the next cycle of the NOMCOM. It's a lot of work. Yes, it is. But it's also you learn every lot of things about the ITF process about the people in the idea and and its processes. Thank you. . That is a little bit taller than I am and I was on that NOMCOM and I will echo please do the NOMCOM. It's a really great experience. You learn so much and you meet some great people. Anyways, I'm Glen Dean and I'm the outgoing chair of the IPMC Corporation and the ITF Trust. This is our report to ITF 125. So, non-coms do what they do and the ISG does what it does and they both appoint people to the ITF Trust and the IPMC Board. In this cycle, we say goodbye to Kristen Burden who has served us as an ISG appointee. Kristen was really helpful. She's a lawyer by training, very helpful in the restructuring work we've been undergoing doing the ITF IPMC creation and setup. So thank you very much for Kristen for your service to the ITF Trust and the IPMC. Then there's this guy. He's been around for quite awhile and one trivia bit about the ITF Trust and the IPMC roles is they are not term limited. Many of our roles at the ITF are term limited. We like people to stick around the ITF Trust to build up our institutional knowledge and to be able to really help the organization. That doesn't mean you stick around forever and this guy is leaving after sticking around for a little while. So, thank you Glenn. Thank you. a little while so i i i've had a lot of fun i've learned a lot of stuff i will say if you're ever looking to learn about intellectual property and the itf this is a great role to apply for in the future when i started it back in the day i was terrified i was walking in the shadow of giants and i learned so much by being part of it i really highly recommend that you consider it uh this coming year when the nomcom is appointing another person so uh thank you for letting me be that role i've really enjoyed it so we have a new set of uh directors for the itf ipmc a couple of them are carrying over but we've got two new ones lars egret he is coming in as is sean turner and we've also gone through a cycle of selecting the next president and the other officers so i'd like to announce that wendy seltzer has taken on the role of ipmc president sean turner who i think is in in the tokyo uh remote is taking on the role of ipmc treasurer which wendy is vacated and uh lars will be taking on the ipmc secretary likewise uh uh the the ipf trust is in the final throws but we still needed some people around to close up shop and so the decision was made that the person uh that will be the trust chair for the very final role of the trust will be wendy so uh thank you wendy for taking on both roles all right so that's the in and the out stuff let's talk about uh what we've been doing so we'd like to for it and usually these numbers are zero because you know trust is set up to be very boring and when everything's perfect it is very boring but since we last met in montreal we've had two licensing requests uh that are above and beyond the normal licensing request we get and we have issued one new license it was to the ieee uh to use the asn1 module from rfc 9881 so there we we got one uh the other good news though is we have had zero legal actions which is the number you always want to see at that bottom there it means that we never we didn't sue anybody and we didn't get sued by anybody which is really good if you deal with intellectual property assets so here's the other uh big update we've been working on this restructuring from a virginia trust into a delaware corporation and those of you been around the itf for a little while i've been giving a lot of reports on this so we've had some progress uh the bylaws were updated between when we met in montreal and now we had some modifications we extended in there to recognize the ccg this is part of the community agreement that we took on when we took on the iana assets back in 2016 and we updated the ipmc bylaws to recognize the ccg's role with relation to the ian assets so this formally connects that group with the bylaws that the ipmc operates under and that was up for a 60-day review all of you gave us comments we took them into account and then in december we actually voted to adopt them and those are on the ipmc website at that url this one's big it's we've been working for a couple years now to get this transition done last monday a week ago monday i signed the agreement that formally transferred all of the itf intellectual property assets from the itf trust into the ipmc corporation the ipmc is now doing the work of managing the ip except for patents the ipmc does not do patents for the itf and that is a major milestone so um hold your applause on that one because there's something coming up for that one but i think this is the major major moment it's something we've been working to for years and i'm super happy that we finally got there we're not fully done yet though so i'm going to go ahead and get started and i'm going to go ahead and get started with the iana ip which is trademarks and domain names related to the iana function is uh still in process because we need some signatures there's agreements that establish the role of the itf trust with relation to the iana and there's a set of signatures out there for the agreements on those things to transfer those agreements from the itf trust to the ipmc so i've done my signature before i be no longer was the chair of the iab itf if you're one of the people who are waiting for signatures on sign the document so we can get that thing done and some final things roman mentioned that there's a draft out there to update the ietfs documentation because if you look at the itf documentation it's got the word itf trust all over the place we have a draft out there to update the documentation to recognize the itf ipmc as the successor to that document itf is a new document we're going to go ahead and give it in and then we're going to go ahead and give it to the ietf trust and we're going to go ahead and do some so that draft's out there and is active. I saw that URL for the IPR WG email list. And finally, the trust legal provisions, which are now becoming the technical legal provisions, so we can keep that same acronym, are being updated to essentially update the text in there to say that the IPMC is now the party holding the assets to the ITF. One of the changes, there's no legal changes to that document. We're, same terms, if you're lawyers have approved it and like it, they're remaining consistent. Two changes, though. Since that draft or that document was first written, version 5, the editorial stream got created, and so we're officially recognizing it in the next version. That's just sort of a thing. And the other thing is the independent stream, there's some updates we've been requested by the independent stream editor to make around derivative works, and so there'll be a separate document now published, especially for the independent stream. And it'll be published for comment for a 30-day period for you to get your voice in. So here's the thing I wanted to recognize. We've done the outgoing for myself and for Kristen, but I think we should also do an outgoing for the ITF Trust. It's served this community since 2005 when it was created. It's officially ending operations this year. It's got, literally at this point, I think about $1,200 in the bank, and it has a handful of DNS domains that are part of the IANA work. That's it. And so once those agreements are signed, those things are transferred over, and it does its final tax filings, it's done. So I really did want to have a hand for the ITF Trust because it has made this what is the ITF functional, and it's done it for 21 years. That's quite a service to this community. And I wanted to recognize all the people who have served during that 21 years who have served as ITF trustees. This is an unpaid job. They're all volunteers. They've done a tremendous amount of work for this community, and a lot of people don't even know what they do, which is good because it means they didn't get sued because no drama, no excitement. But anyways, for the ITF Trust and for all the people who volunteer, can I please have a round of applause? Thank you. And that is how to contact the ITMC and get more stuff. George. Don't leave the stage. So Glenn, thank you for your many years of service, and allow me to present you with this plaque. Thank you. Thank you. My name is Jay Daly. I'm the ITF Executive Director. Nice to see so many people in the room. So this is the administrative report for the ITF. And I'll start by thanking our ITF 125 host, Cien Nick, and our co-host, Tsinghua University, the Internet Society of China, CCSA, and the Computer Network Information Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Thank you. Thank you very much. I also want to thank very much Huawei, our special contributor and social event sponsor. Those of you who came last night to the social event, I'm sure will remember that. That is the best social event we have had. That was spectacular. Thank you. And then thank you very much to the welcome reception sponsor, ZTE, to our local sponsor, APNIC, and our local supporters, Coremail. Thank you. I also want to thank our IETF 125 gold sponsors for diversity and inclusion. Thank you very much to Akamai and Huawei. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And thank you to all of our bronze sponsors for IETF 125. We have Comcast and ICANN for diversity and inclusion. We have ZTE for sustainability. ICANN and CNNIC for running code. And DNIC and Nominet for the open Internet. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you. And then finally, thank you to our equipment, services and connectivity sponsors without whom we would have to spend considerably more money running these meetings and running the IETF than we do currently. Thank you very much to all of you. I should particularly like to note China Mobile and China Unicom who have helped very much with this conference. We have staff on site helping us out with our Wi-Fi which is really going above and beyond. Thank you very much. Every meeting it seems our logos get more and more desirable. So once again, I'm happy to tell you you can get our swag from the online store. And we are taking very seriously the suggestions that we should start selling more advanced swag here at the meeting. Particularly for those people who go running such as our current IETF chair. So I want to give a special shout out to the many generous volunteers that help us out. In building the IETF tools and in running the IETF NOC, we rely on multiple people who give their time freely to help that work. So thank you very much to all of those people. And Rome's already mentioned that we have many staff in the background working on this but I think it's useful for us to give their names and show all of them here. So we have the Secretariat, Mitako and the NOC. Thank you all very much for your work. Thank you. Here at IETF 125 we only have a subset of the IETF staff. So I'm on site, clearly. I also have Greg with me and three of our senior developers. They are staffing the Tools Help Desk. So please reach out to them at any point if you'd like to see them. We also have the RPC staff at IETF. IETF 125. Alana, Alice and Sandy are here. They are also staffing a desk so if you have any questions about RPCs, sorry, RFCs or the editing process please go and speak to them. And we have the full Secretariat on site as well. So this is a simple diagram of the current structure there. So look out for the green tops they're wearing if you need any support, see them. If you need to speak about anything in particular, then please speak to them as well. So finally, on the thanks, thank you to our global hosts. Our global hosts are the ones that make the multi-year commitment to the IETF and enable us to have the long term stability for our funding that we really need. Thank you very much. So, IETF 125 Vienna. Registrations are open. This will be in July. We are expecting to come. We are just about to sign with the host for the meeting. So that's good news for us. And I hope very much to see as many as possible of you there. So looking forward to our meetings. We have Vienna coming up. And then after that we have IETF 127 in San Francisco. And since our last meeting you will have seen that we have announced VeriSign as the host of that meeting. IETF 128 in Asia we are still in the negotiations with. It generally takes us quite some time to negotiate Asian venues. They are more complicated. We often have to use convention centres and us being a US company means we need to visit a number of times. To build up the trust and the relationship. So that's going ahead. We certainly aim to announce that by Vienna if possible. IETF 129 Europe. That was due to be signed. And then the venue just asked for a change to the contract the other day. So we are just trying to work through that. And then we will be able to announce that hopefully quite shortly. IETF 130 has now been announced. That's the Hyatt Regency Vancouver. We have been back to a number of times. And we are of course looking for a meeting host for that. IETF 131 in Asia. We have held some site visits to a relatively large country there. To look at potential venues. And we are hoping to, and we are in the negotiations now about that. So that's moving forward. IETF 132 Europe is a little bit in the back burner while we sort the others out. And IETF 133 is not on here in North America. But we are currently exploring an exploratory meeting in South America for that. So that's where we currently are with our meetings booking. We are a little bit behind. But we have so many of them quite close that we will catch up quickly and then we will be a bit ahead I think by the end of this year on meeting bookings. So that's it from me. Thank you very much. I'm going to hand it over to Miriam. Thanks Jay. I hope you can hear me and see me. My name is Miriam Kuehne. I'm the board of the LLC. I'm the chair of the LLC board. That's more correct. And I would like to thank you actually for selecting me for another term studying at this meeting. I think Cindy is going to control my slides. So please go on to the next slide. Yes, this is a full board. You can see here Gonzalo and George are there with you in person. Roman as you saw was online. I'm online here and Shona cannot join us for this meeting. But you're all watching. So next slide please. Yeah, this is the kind of traditional financial overview of the end of year balance. And I'm not going to go through all the numbers. You can do that in your own time. I mean for transparency reasons, obviously. We put them here on the slide so they'll be published. You see some notes there. So if you go to the next slide, you'll see some explanations and more details can be find always in the financial statements that we publish every month and then also at the end of the year. Overall, one thing to note here is that there are some like higher numbers as budgeted. So the positive variances there are mostly comprised of an additional endowment contributions which always welcome ISOC matching funds also the annual contributions from ISOC and some unrealized gains from investments that we have there. So that's good news. So next slide please. Just some items that the board is currently working on. We are still working on the secretariat contract we tendering that's ongoing. We've published the 2026 budget after consultation of the community consultations. So that's out on the website. As you've seen, we've piloted the remote we piloted this new feature with remote rooms for ITF meetings and I've seen the remote room join a couple of sessions. It seems to work really well and so thanks mostly to LSE staff and Greg Wood I think took the lead for making this possible and we're going to evaluate my experiences with this after the meeting and see how we can move forward with that. And we're also having our annual retreat in April, the board retreat. We're preparing for that to look at future planning for the strategy, risk register and other plans that we will be doing on an annual basis. One thing that's not on here but it's certainly also on our mind is our meeting network and the meeting locations and I really want to stress that I really appreciate the feedback provided so far on the various lists, specifically also on meeting networks and we're looking forward to get more guidance from you on that as well. I know there's a draft currently out on the security requirements for the ITF network that will be discussed tomorrow I believe in GENdispatch and then we'll see where that goes after that and so please watch that space and contribute to that work. Next slide please. You can also contribute to our work by participating in our board meetings. We have a monthly board meeting. Here are the dates, they are also on the website and Michelle, the secretary, she always sends out announcements for the board meetings so they're open to observers at least like, you know, partially part of the meetings. We also have some closed sessions with staff and Jay but yes, please join us for these board meetings if you have any questions or contributions to our work. Next slide please. I think that's about it. Yes, you can find a lot more information on the websites from financial statements to the board meeting minutes and announcements and also here are a number of mailing address, mail addresses and lists that you can reach us. Admin discusses our generic kind of administrative mailing list where most of these topics are being discussed. So I think that's it for now. Thank you for listening. Thank you. Thank you. Well, let's start with thanking the outgoing IAB members. It almost feels like a milestone. We are losing three members who have been there for a while. Cullen, as we know him, has fluffy and I think now I can claim the fluffiest hair now that he's not on the IAB anymore, maybe. But seriously, you have been, it's so good to talk to you. When we talk any technical discussion, you go directly to the heart of the matter and with that much clarity of thought, it has been a very, very important thing. It has been amazing having discussions with you. Miria, you have served a decade on the leadership at the IAB and ISG. Every term with so much dedication, so much hard work, it has been amazing. The things that you have done as the IAB chair have such a lasting impact. You have opened the IAB with IAB Open, the way we do liaisons, the way we, even our website revamped. So everything that we think of IAB as a current has been done under your leadership and it has been amazing. Tommy, on the big screen, always calm, collected, always clear in thought. As an IAB chair, we went through a transition. We had a bigger geographic and time zone dispersion. We had to figure out a new way to work. You managed it so well and there was so much to learn from you on how to do that. As an IAB, we went through new activities with respect to more active participation at Internet governance and you helped us. You made sure that each of us at the IAB felt supported in all the activities that we do. Thank you. Finally, Chin. Chin has been our anchor when it comes to everything network management, operations and Yang. This is and Chin showed us the diverse participation matters, having a viewpoint from looking from different areas, from different geography, bringing a different viewpoint to this IAB is fundamental. Chin, you have shown that in your last two terms. With that, I would ask everyone to give a round of applause to all four outgoing members. For the two outgoing members who are here, we can use a photo opportunity. Maria, can I invite you, please? . . . . . . . . . . . . . Let's go this way. . I think maybe somebody can make an AI generated one. . . With that, let's do introductions and then we'll do open mic. For introduction, let's start with Jason. . . . . . . . Rising Turner Events, IAB. Yaroslav Rosamaho, Incoming IAB. Dhruv Dhody, Incoming IAB Chair. Alvaro Ruttano, IAB. Yingzhen Xu, Incoming IAB. Deku Cha, IRTF Chair. Qinwu Ergwen, IAB. Can we have remote folks, Ali? Ali? Is Ali on the screen? Oh yes, sorry, sorry. You can hear me now? Yes. Hello, this is Ali, Ali Began, Incoming IAB. Thank you. Cullen? Fluffy, outgoing. Glad that the fluffiness is remaining on the IAB. Thank you. Do we have Jenna or... I don't see Jenna maybe. Matthew? Hi, Matthew Boche, IAB. Nick? Nick Sullivan, Incoming IAB. And Roman, how come we are missing you? I think we can't hear you, Roman. Okay, move on. Open mic, questions for the IAB. And somebody will help me with the cue. Oh, here is Arnaud. Right, so congratulations to the new IABs and thank you for those that are leaving. And so I have a couple of points. The first one is to say that I really appreciate this opportunity to be able to participate in this event. And I'm really excited to be able to speak to you. I'm really excited to be able to speak to you. And I'm really excited to be able to speak to you. And I'm really excited to be able to speak to you. And I'm really excited to be able to speak to you. And the second is to say that I really appreciate the progress done by IAB, especially on the liaison. I think Miria and Suresh are working on that one. And I think this is really good. I have a few things that have emerged. The first one is speaking about liaison. I observe for certain areas the need to improve the collaboration framework. Liaisons are good. But they are just one part of the equation. We have seen in some areas like DM, between ITF and SG17, we started to have leadership that started to speak to each other. And I must say thank you to Jim Reed. I don't know where Jim is, but he was the one who pushed us here to do that. And that was good. We, however, it's only this week that we have a new liaison. We have a new liaison. And I think I realized the difficulty to get people to work with each other. And not that people don't want, in fact, but people don't know. Not only don't know, but even I don't know. I don't know how we are going to do it in terms of process, tools, et cetera. So that's probably something we should explore. The second thing is that I was approached with a lot of questions after my side meeting. I would love the idea to be able to present what me or other groups are looking for. And I think that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing, too. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing. But, yeah, I would like to see what we are doing to the IAB so that we can really intimately understand together how we work and what could be tangible actions we could do together. Then the next point is about opportunities. opportunity for revising resolutions and i want to come back on the workshop on china and protection that the iab promoted now there is the window is slightly opened to make a change in this resolution if you have some desires based on what you are doing now now is the moment it never happened in years and we managed to unlock the doors at member state level so now they know that they're going to modify it so if you want to size this opportunity do it the last point is about ai okay so here the frustration are the friction of three ietf meetings that each of them have had side meetings that took away hundreds of people out of the mainstream so i can understand madrid okay montreal now again in fact this week we did the first official meeting with the buff catalyst on agentiki so the problem is timing and so if you move if you move your brain until what's going to happen next and you consider a number of risks including for san francisco in november that tells us that we have a problem to bootstrap ourselves there i am doing on my side three meetings one plenary and one uh content week from now until next july so it's an offer i can offer a platform for anybody to discuss the things we could not discuss in the side meetings size it because this will give you input to prepare the july meeting in vienna we must have something in concrete in vienna because if san francisco is risky that's the only moment we can do something so we better organize ourselves and do our act together to say exactly what we do in vienna and and i will bring all the input you need uh let's make it happen i know it was a lot of things you don't need to answer now but these will be published on the end of this year just to come back and meet with some other guys or people that had worked in the team that will help us to doing that more tighter and closer can call some things about writing acely歲 receptive intuitive directive beats normalizing is publishing something on your end when we need something and just sort of table this with a with a list over data 52 설 новые we find people reach out to us we want to do this better uh with ai the last question i think i'll leave that to isg from the iab side i think we are watching we are we help during the bof preparation with catalyst with other things so we are watching but that question specifically with side meeting and everything it's for the isg so hold on to that uh remind me any other what were the two other questions resolution for itu uh pp so thanks for bringing bringing it up we have uh plans to participate we are discussing uh this is still a lot of inputs coming in let's continue the conversation does any other ib member wants to add yeah please go ahead yeah i actually um appreciate that you're coming here and you're driving this way forward and like you are helping us to have this exchange with the relevant groups in itu i think actually that works very well and as stu said like if you need to improve we can do that but i'm actually very positive that that i'm seeing that so thank you for that there is one regret i have just that can say that tommy and i discussed an idea of a workshop on agentiki that would have helped remove a lot of hits and get the debates on we didn't do it i don't know why it happened but that's something that the ib could have done that those that the big he did had the police but they who created these ideas and built the course together only then was the p Nations who helped their students there were another two committee members and i discussed you know it inивать or i running Sam asked them if the two majorask because for xp maybe two and a half because you must pretty much in in comunic with the hated muslim individuals with the whats uh except for in the uh Facebook for those other two coming too close together there was some sort of streets for you i wasAssure haha thanks for sharing so right now we have time to go back to EMBA and say if you would please we're done enough to have any other questions you want to repeat something on your finished these parts from em特 period done I will tell you offer reach back to you and though you have time hopefully before we come back see you that I love that um thank you so much if you'd like it but we are the last team and I'll say one thing that i cannot show that to member states so there are few simple things that if the leadership works together we can pass you the message and help you organize that and it's it's easy it will not take too much time and everybody will be happy i i think we have made a bunch of improvements on that we have been sending acknowledgements at least and as well as nudging various groups where action is needed but as we have discussed this multiple times is just a very different fundamental way the two organizations work we have to find a middle ground let's continue to talk that's what i can offer any other we have one more person but i can see the name andrew in shenzhen um i just wanted to for being extremely yeah uh numbers for their work over the last two three years on outreach it has made a difference and it has shifted uh the reputation of the community significantly in other uh bodies so thank you for doing that and please continue thank you andrew i didn't catch everything but it seemed a little like you were happy so that's good anyone else otherwise going once going twice and isg so i'd welcome the incoming and outgoing isg to the stage um so um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um has served three terms. Eric, it's been a pleasure to serve with you because you've had a ruthless practicality on the ISG. You've helped us through some tough deliberations. And whether you know it or not, you've implicitly defined how we productively use meeting time, which is the metric of, is this topic worth waking up the US West Coast and keeping Europe up to have on the agenda? And this other kind of approach, practical approach, got us great working groups that had a fundamentally different kind of arrangement, like BPF, where we merged the open source kind of community activities with the strengths of what the IETF works on. The ISG is going to kind of miss you and how you've kept us really focused. So thank you for your service. And we are virtually giving you a plaque and we will send one in the mail to you. All right. Next up is Ori Steele, who is the outgoing application and real-time director who served one term. Ori, you're in a sense the triple threat. You masqueraded as the R&AD, but you're also the shadow SEC and WIT AD with your deep knowledge of application kind of stacks. This really helped us with all sorts of different work that I think everyone would agree we have at the intersection of those kind of three areas, which is why we even have a consolidated dispatch session. The ISG is also going to miss your extensive knowledge about what's happening in other SDOs and in the open source community. So Ori, really, thank you so much for your service. And last up is Paul Wooters, who is the outgoing security area director. He served two terms. So I can do this a lot of different ways, but you know, Paul, first up, I want to say kind of thank you for being a colleague and a great sounding board. It takes two to run a SEC area. So being a SEC area AD, we're going to have to do a lot of work to get you to the next level. So thank you for that. And I'm going to hand it over to you, Ori. Thank you for having us then. Thank you so much. Thank you. So thank you. Thank you. It was great with you. It was great because you pushed, you pushed us in the area to think differently about how to manage the area. How we did it before is not necessarily how we should do it in the future. So in the future. So kind of first, thank you for that. I also wanted to mention, like, your community, your outlook on ensuring that the community is welcoming. We think about newcomers in our processes and procedures has also really pushed us forward to getting a broader perspective on the fact that we're building better companies, perspective on all the work that's happening. And in terms of meeting efficiency in the ISG, you may have actually left the largest legacy, which puts us in a bit of a problem right now. I suspect that the ISG productivity is going to take a hit because we may have to drop our standards on acceptable caffeine and coffee that you kept at a very high standard, which very much helped us get things done. So thank you for that. And in all seriousness, thank you very much for your service as well, Paul. Thank you to all of you out there. Thank you. So Ori, we have a plaque for you in person. And Paul, we will mail something to you as well. All right. So we have historically had the transition. If we could have the next slide, the passing of the dots. So the dots are getting passed from incoming to outgoing to incoming in the new roles. We have a hybrid, of course, as you can see kind of on the stage. So we're going to do introductions in the order that they appear on the screen. Charles, you're going to get us started. Okay, hi, everyone. I'm Charles Uchel, incoming Art EHR. Andy Newton, RDD. Orit Steele, outgoing RDD. Roman Danilu, Gen. Tommy Jensen, incoming Int AD. Eric, your turn. Outgoing Int AD. Sorry. So Eric, the other ongoing Int AD. And by the way, stepping down next year. So if you are interested to be an Int AD, please talk to me. Mahesh, management side of Ops AD. Jim Gishard, Routing AD. Ketan Talawlikar, Routing AD. Kuntur Vandavelde, outgoing and incoming Routing AD. Doug Cooley, Sec AD. Chris Anasio, Sec AD. Paul Waters, outgoing Sec AD. Drogdhody, incoming IAB Chair. Mike Bishop, with AD. Gorry Fairhurst, renewing AD for WIT. Tommy? Tommy didn't have a chance to turn on his video, so Tommy Pauly is the outgoing IAB Chair. And things should be more streamlined after the turnover. We're going to be down to only one Tommy and one Eric. Okay. So the mic line is open. Questions for the IESG? Pete, I see you're in the queue. No one wants to be first. I'll be first. Hopefully a straightforward one, although it might involve the IAB as well. Both dispatch on Monday and Catalyst later in the week made me think that perhaps a little bit of a template or preset of slides for folks who are presenting new ideas might be a good thing. And I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. A lot of the comments, both in the room and especially on the Zulip chat, were very much, who is going to be implementing this? Are they here? What problem of interoperability are you solving? These should be pretty obvious questions for BOF proponents and or dispatchers to answer. But I don't know. I don't think that we necessarily have enough push. On the BOF side, IAB tends to do pretty well of getting them in line as the helpers. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. But especially in dispatch, that doesn't happen as much. And if they can't answer those questions, it's probably not time to present. So I was wondering if you all would be on board with, in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs, taking on something like that. And I realize that means I probably won't be able to answer all of your questions. So I'm just wondering if you all would be on board with, in your assorted dispatch groups and BOFs, taking on something like that. And if you have questions, I think that we would be able to see them. So I would say yes or no. And I think we would have a chance to ask some questions. But if there is a question that we don't get to answer that I'm sure we can talk to the dispatch chair and she can probably volunteer to write some text. Did you just say you're going to volunteer to write some text? I think that's a great idea. It's my understanding that the dispatch chairs do give a template to the presenters and they ask them to follow that template. But I agree that we probably do need another type of form or something Does anyone else from the ISG have any comments? Any of the owners of the dispatch workers? Well, we've definitely taken that feedback. We've already kind of had that conversation on the side about how do we improve those templates and give stronger guidance so that we can do that. So we have heard that we welcome kind of contributions and participations for the community to help us with that, but I think some of those questions are pretty well known. We just need to make it stronger to get it out there so that people answer those questions. Okay. Thanks for that concrete suggestion, Pete. I think you're going to see that it's going to be a work in progress, and we're going to work across the dispatch groups to tighten that up. Realizing that the dispatches are kind of a critical mechanism to onboard new work because we get broad kind of visibility and it's a structured process to bring people in the organization. Okay. Next up, Arnaud. I see you're in the queue as well. Yes. Hi, Roman. Just realized you were not here yesterday. So as Dhruv has sent the question on my little bit of critique regarding the way we manage the agent API situation. So if it would be in my study group, people would say chair was the way forward. And my complaint a little bit here is that three meetings with three times side meetings at this level of entropy that's created and in fact is good that people could discuss about it, but we cannot take action. We cannot have consensus. We cannot organize ourselves. We are not creating charters. We are not. So that's a lot of time that we lost. So I think that's a good point. Thank you. And again, we need to have something just from a timing perspective in July. So that means it is from now to July to do something. And to be very direct, I would like to see a little bit more prescription, just to use that word from the leadership here to say the guidance is this. Whatever you guys want to do, okay. But I think we need to be a bit more driven to stop this entropy level. So thank you. Yeah. I would say we've heard from multiple angles are no like loud and clear that there is a tremendous amount of passion and interest in all dimensions of AI. And there's a tremendous amount of that happening in the side meeting. I think the observation you're making is that we need a more structural approach to facilitate the onboarding of all that energy and excitement that's not in the official process into the official process. Yeah. And in a sense, how do we do that? Recognizing that we have certain strengths in the ITF with how we run things in tightly bound charters and what is the approach to on ramp it in there. The boff that we just had in Catalyst is one of those approaches that is one of I'm sure many things we need to do. And this is going to be a topic that the ISG takes up at its strategy meeting slash offsite about how to convert the energy. Not just in AI inside meetings into structural things in the standards process. Hey, Roman, I just wanted to make one other comment on the subject of meeting between IETFs. We do have the capacity to do virtual interim boffs. It's a relatively new procedure. I've only seen one of them before, but Francesca previous R&AD helped set that up. So if that's something that your communities or groups that have been meeting in side meetings, would like to make use of, I volunteer my two fellow R&ADs to take your requests. But I do think meeting between meetings is something that we should definitely be considering given the level of interest. Thanks. Thanks, Rory. So I cannot do that for you. I don't know enough what's possible, but that's certainly a possibility. Just as a point of benchmark, and I know I have a life which is a bit more complicated here because of member states. So you had the first. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. So for me, step one started December 24th. So in 15 months, I am where I am but it took me 15 months of work to get consensus, alignments, understanding, creation, restructuring. So just think about the time it takes to get there, and time is evaporating, the industry is burning billions of frictions at the moment. We have a societal problem. We have other requirements that are not being taken into account. There is a culture issue with people are too much on the engineering side, on the bottom-up approach, and don't see certain requirements. So we have a lot of things to do. And please consider as well other SDOs working in this space so that we can accelerate each other. That's my message. Thank you. Yeah, strongly agree. To solve the AI problem or AI kind of standardization is going to take not only this organization, but it's going to be in partnership with many of the other SDOs and professional kind of organizations and open source to kind of get us there. Okay, thank you. So, Ai-jen, you're next in the queue. Yeah, Ai-jen, I'm from China Telecom. I have a similar concern for the working of the AI. I think the role of the AI agent is ITF, you know. In this meeting, there are about over 16 side meetings related to the AI. And I think many of them contain, many of them contain the overlap. So I think it is necessary to determine quickly how we put forward this work in one more formal manners. Okay. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, kind of, for that feedback. Again, to repeat a little bit of what I said kind of prior, the Catalyst BoF is certainly one attempt to think through how do we onboard things out of the side meetings. I would also reiterate that AI is not a homogeneous topic. It intersects many, if not all of the areas we already have. If the topics that we want to bring in are intersections of the existing work that we, of the existing areas that we have, each one of those has some mechanism to onboard, whether it's dispatch process or dispatch-like working routes. So we should also leverage those processes just because, again, something is AI does not necessarily require a special onboarding path. Martin. Yeah, Martin Duke. Contrary to popular belief, I'm not in Tokyo. I was president of the AI Center for the Arts at the University of Tokyo. And I was at the creation of the mega dispatch experiment, however many ITFs ago that was. And I kind of feel like the, I'm very, I'm conscious probably more than most people of how hard it is to schedule all the sessions in an ITF. But I think we're drifting away from some of the things we're trying to achieve with that. In particular, the original concept was there'd be no counterprogramming to dispatch at all on Monday morning. That proved to be too hard. I think pretty quickly, we collapsed that to, you know, really self-contained groups that really have no interaction with anything else. But we really wanted to keep it clear for the power users, for the power ITF users to be able to go to dispatch and comment on new work. And I happen to be chair of the MOQ now. My work group has actually moved to Monday morning. It contains many ITF power users. It moved back for other reasons that were kind of unrelated to this. But I just want to leave the comment with the IHG. I think it's a great point. So let's try to preserve that model for dispatch. We can really get a lot of good cross-area review of these new ideas. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, kind of, Martin. Where we ended up based on the large dispatch kind of experiment that you were intimately involved in is that the community did not want to glom all the areas kind of together. So we, of course, have ended up with a federated approach where certain areas are teaming up together. So we're not going to have a team that's like SEC, WIT, and ART, but the other areas are distinct. So we're doing our best to schedule to the degree possible for that deconfliction. Okay. Next up, Roberta. You're next. Hi. Hi. I have a question related to maybe foundational knowledge for some of the issues that we have with AI. I don't know if we have some structure that we could enter information, information about areas that might not be applicable to the engineering work, specifically that would be the non-working groups, but that might be foundational to people comprehend some of the, you know, some of the terms that has connection with it. For example, for agentic AI agents and AI itself, where would be the place for we to put maybe information related to how to do that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I live in Alabama. I had a very, very hard life. And I still need this kind of, 來在美國有幾天眼 why. I don't know kind of information is also going to make a difference. I think asking these kinds of projects, what are your wahr họugu rock in our goal with it? And having some basic knowledge about where our lost work can be estimated at the agents work. And that's part of, you know, the foundational models, those kinds of information that might make a difference for the way questions as far as being rises people do. the dimensions of the information that you want to capture but if you're asking for what would be an or what would be an organizational kind of mechanism to capture things that you think are cross-cutting and have that as a durable artifact that you can trade and ship into different forums inside the ietf i think the answer would be to produce an id an internet draft and kind of write that down and update it periodically and so you would have the basis of bringing this to multiple discussions in the organization thank you thank you and on the same topic if you allow me to to end even if you talk to one area director he can easily refer you to others right and i've done it multiple times dm is in art he started in in for instance right so it's quite common thank you we talk to each other all right uh so i'm seeing the queue line uh empty would anyone else like to jump in the queue to pose a question or make a comment i'm pausing waiting james james we're getting a tremendous amount of feedback on your mic i think we have a hot mic james we okay you have dropped okay any other questions okay in that case uh isg thank you and we'll move to the next of our open mics thank you thank you hello i hope you can hear me this is the llc's open mic and if all is well george and gonzalo will make up their way to the stage while roman and i are in the slutty season of natasha long we take a period of silence for 15 minutes only we show uh found Lee the singer so go ahead and hit us um on the mic please you know i'm gonna ah pick someone up and just i just started getting people so just too busy one of you me um i'm gonna just go ahead and hold that one for another one every mom and dad part because the Roman and I are remote. I guess George is still there. Oh, there's Jay. I can see you all taking seats, taking up your seats. Great, thanks. I think we are ready. Do you wanna do a quick introduction please on stage, starting with George? George Michaelson, LLC board. Montalo Camarillo, LLC board. Jay Daly, ITF executive director. Then we have you, Roman. Roman Dinello, LLC board. And Miriam Kuna, LLC board. I see a list of people in the queue. So Rahul, go first, please. Oh, camera's facing the wrong way. Doesn't matter. I want to raise a question that relates to the in-person fee waiver. I find that the process, the decisions are made very late and the process is as if designed more suited for North American and European audiences than rather than us who are living in Asia, because even for me to travel to a neighboring country, I'm in India, I need to travel to China, I need a visa and that process takes easily one month, one to two months. And for that reason, last, I had made a request for a fee waiver all the way back in the previous IETF. I had explained that the reasons why I'm making and that I need a decision at least two months in advance. I had also said that if you cannot meet that timeline, can you please communicate to me in advance itself that it's not possible for you to make that decision. Unfortunately, I'm not able to make that decision. I basically had to withdraw my request because we had come to one month and it was not possible for me to apply for a visa and then arrange for last minute travel because even last minute travel is a barrier due to the higher prices. And in general, this is not just a request for me because more and more students from, for example, India, people who are working independently like me are going to, want to come to IETF. I'm been bringing work consistently to IETF. So I'm hoping that we can move the process in a way that the needs of us in the global South can be accommodated. Also, I just want to make a shout out to the IRTF because IRTF and they learned of a similar situation actually did move their processes back by a month so that people make their applications earlier so that the visas can be accommodated. Thank you. Thank you. So let me take that question Miriam because this isn't an LLC matter. This is the IETF chair matter. So yeah, thank you kind of for that feedback. You're exactly right. The IRTF process is different from the ISG process for the fee waivers and the published approach for the things giving out by the IETF chair is one month out and that's largely historically been done. So we've had a lot of experience looking at that and I think that one of the things that we would really like to see is that it could be done to use those fee waivers to patch over unexpected circumstances, not as a long-term kind of sustainment and grant kind of opportunity the same way the IRTF is run. So there are very fundamentally kind of different approaches for why those fee waivers are handed out, but your observation that some of the venues that we visit have long-term visa, they have a longer range, kind of, visa, kind of challenges. work to process. So I'm going to take that feedback and look at the specific guidance that we have created kind of around that. And I won't commit to anything kind of here, but my early kind of thinking on that is to issue those fee waivers in two tranches. One, to continue doing it as a relatively close to the meeting matter to help patch over unexpected circumstances, but to also potentially manage to do an early tranche of approvals, because I am starting to get them earlier and earlier after typically a meeting ends and before the next one kind of starts to accommodate some of the challenges that you're describing. So stay tuned around. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. Thanks, Roman. Next up is Mark. Hi. Hi, Mark Nottingham. So in the presentation, we said the Secretariat contractuals. So I'm going to take that back. I'm going to take that back. I'm going to take that back. I'm going to take that back. I'm going to take that back. I'm going to take that back. The secretariat contract is still being renegotiated. And I think we heard the same thing in Montreal. Are there, can you communicate anything about why that is? Are there major sticking points? No. We can't explain anything about it at all. So no to the first part, but not to the second. Well, no to the first one and no to the second one. So there aren't any sticking points. Sorry. So there are no, everything is continuing smoothly. These things just take some time. Okay. Thanks, Jay. Next up is Andrew. Hi, good morning. Good evening, rather. I hope you can hear me. I just want to say I was in the ICANN meeting in Mumbai last week, which was a fantastic meeting in a great venue. ICANN's agenda is probably similarly complex to the ITF's. Yet, from my perspective, the meeting worked very well. So I just wanted to urge the community to consider India as a future venue. I think it'd be excellent for us to go there. And ICANN has proven it's easily possible to do so. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for that feedback, Andrew. That's good to hear. Pete? Hi. In the past, a couple of weeks, actually, once on mailing lists and once today in the working group chair session, Jay has made some comments which at least are interpretable as the IETF LLC is the IETF. For some of us old crusty folks, that's not a great confusion to leave out there in the world. That the SDO is completely independent, that the LLC is sort of part of the charter of the LLC, that there should be no way to influence the IETF because of something that's going on with the LLC. While the LLC does serve as a corporate sort of shell for the IETF, as far as I know, the IETF still isn't incorporated as an SDO. And I'm hoping you all can clear up whether that's just some kind of a soft talk, which is okay, although I'd prefer we keep it sharper, or if I'm missing something. Yeah, thanks for bringing this up, Pete. I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what you're referring to and if there's any confusion. I don't know, Jay, if you want to comment on that. But I don't think we would say the LLC equals the IETF, no. Yeah, so to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying, that's not what I meant. That's not what I meant. I'm just saying that we're talking about the LLC. Yeah, so to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that we're not going to be able to get into the IETF. Yeah, so to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that we're not going to get into the IETF. Yeah, so to be clear, Pete, I wasn't saying that the IETF LLC is an SDO. What I was saying was that the IETF LLC is constructed to at times be the LLC. Sorry, to at times be the IETF. The example I gave to you was, if somebody takes legal action against the IETF, then the LLC will be there in court as the IETF. It will not be the 7,000 individual participants that turn up and it will not be on behalf of the IETF. And we're going to have to do that. But I want to say that that's those because those people have no legal liability or anything in those cases it will be the IETF LLC this is a construct that we have created that has multiple moving parts to it the IETF LLC is one of those moving parts the community has created it and controls it and has given it a role and at times in that role it has to be the IETF the other one I gave you example was the trading name that the IETF LLC can use that trading name as the IETF for things okay so what I'm suggesting is that what I'm saying clearly is that this is actually quite a complex situation and to say that that nuanced view that I gave you is the LLC trying to claim to be the SDO is not what in any way I think could be reasonably interpreted from that the problem the problem I have is if the IETF the SDO was dragged into court for some reason I believe the LLC would go to court I don't think that makes the LLC the IETF the IETF the SDO is those 7 000 individuals now I don't know how a court deals with that problem but at least within the community there's got to be a sharp distinction between the LLC and the IETF the SDO and if for purposes of contracting and other things a DBA does not bother me if the IETF LLC goes out and has to sign a contract and say it is doing businesses the IETF whatever that's of business related lessons from that conclusion to the IETF solving of problems and  officials who had to go through customs for ourselves no matter what term it might need to be another tax bill for while other absentee conditions the services purchasing no longer have quarantine subs considering the relationship. But in this community, when speaking in this community, making a very clear distinction between the LLC and the SDO, I think is important. And I think talking about the LLC as the IETF within this community is actually making a mistake. Well, thanks for pointing this out, Pete. I don't know how to respond to this at this stage. I wasn't in there when the comments were made, but yeah, we'll discuss this and how to make sure to not come across as confusing, apparently. Thanks. Jean? Hi, thanks. Jean François-Geralt. My comment is corresponding to what has been mentioned in terms of difficulties with the visas. In our particular case, we had two students from India who were scheduled to come here as fellows. And unfortunately, we didn't get a lot of access to the visa. So we're in the middle of a difficult situation. And so we're going to be in the middle of a difficult situation. So we're going to be in the middle of a difficult situation. And so we're going to be in the middle of a difficult situation. And so we're going to be in the middle of a difficult situation. And so we're going to be in the middle of a difficult situation. And so we're going to be in the middle of a difficult situation. And so we're going to be in the middle of a difficult situation. And so we're going to be in the middle of a difficult situation. And unfortunately, we just got their approval two days too late, corresponding to their flights. That's nobody's fault. I mean, it's just the way it goes. I was only wondering if when the venue was analyzed, whether specific long holidays were considered in terms of how they would apply to visas. So what we discovered that we ourselves, that's our fault, we did not pay attention to, the Chinese New Year was right in the middle. And so for 10, 12 days, the embassy was closed in Delhi. And that just delayed the whole thing, what would otherwise have been a process that would have taken a reasonable amount of time and decent time to get the visas done. Because of that closure, it became the main problem. So I'm just wondering if that was ever a part of the thinking process. And if not, whether it would be something that you guys would like to incorporate in future evaluations, just to make sure that those kind of big, big gaps may not get into on the way. Yeah, thanks, Joe. I'm not sure exactly if that's part of the checklist for the meeting when you're planning, but it's a good point. It's probably not always going to be possible in order to add this into the planning cycle. But it's definitely something we can take into account. All right, thank you. Who's next? Eric. Hi. So there was quite a bit of discussion prior to this meeting about the suitability of this venue and whether people would be able to attend. I can't help noticing that in many of the meetings I'm in, the majority of participants were remote. And also a huge fraction of leadership, including by my count, the majority of the IESG and the IAB are remote. Do you have any comments? Do you have any comments about what exactly? About the suitability of this venue in relation to the IESG? Well, I can point you to Roman's statistics that he showed earlier on the slides and distribution of remote and on-site compared to other meetings. And I can also say that I noticed that the remote participation seems to work really well, actually, especially also for myself. Well, I guess I'm asking you specifically about the participation of the core leadership of this organization, including you, by the way, I would notice. Yes, including myself, and I'm participating remotely. This is not the only ITF I'm not participating in person. I mean, so I guess it's up to everybody individually to decide that. Overall, I think the venue was suitable. I mean, there are a lot of people on site, especially from the country and neighboring countries. So that seems to have worked out well. I don't know if there are any other comments from other board members. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Since the IESG was kind of mentioned, kind of speaking from that, yeah, there definitely is not the full complement of the IESG here in person. We discussed this with ourselves in kind of planning for that. As I had in my kind of plenary slide, almost all of us are sponsored by kind of someone and our ability to travel and participate in different venues is kind of contingent on said approval and a number of parties, at least on the IESG, I won't speak for the other leadership bodies, were not kind of approved. And this is, you know, what that turnout kind of looks like. We're waiting from the IESG side, at least, we are waiting for the post-meeting survey to get feedback on, you know, what was the experience of kind of all the participants. In particular, we're looking for some of the productivity measures that are reported back for the in-person survey. So we are going to have some after, you know, as an after action, some perspective on what those experiences are. From the very kind of quick looks we had, participation may also be a little bit uneven, kind of across areas about how much remote and is on site, but it's just too early for us to say from the data that we have right now. Thank you. Any other comments? I don't see any on the stage. Next up, Rahul again. So building on my question, as well as Jean-Francois' question, is there any long-term consideration by IETF on the venue based on visa requirements? Because just for example here, if the meeting was not in Shenzhen, but in Hong Kong, traveling would become so much easier for a lot of us who have weaker passports. And I understand that the host would have some considerations, but in general, in the long term, and again, Bangkok was a very suitable venue that way because the visa requirements were so liberal. So I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on that. Yeah, I mean, it's you're very hinted. I mean, we're also dependent on the host to a certain extent and, you know, finding venues and et cetera. And also I think what we've explained earlier in our similar discussions is that it's also important to make sure we're kind of distributing the information. Yeah, I mean, I think it's important to make sure that we're kind of distributing the pain, if you will, and make it easier for people who have difficulties getting visas to go to other countries. So in this case, you know, a large group of participants from China hopefully had it easier to participate. And so I think it's important to ensure that not the same group of people, you know, gets hit by difficulties each time. But yeah, I hear you. It's difficult to find the perfect venue in that respect. No other comments from our side, I think, on that. No. Yes. Hi, Miriam. It's strange to see you again after two weeks ago. We're together. So I'm not sure what Eric tried to say in his comment. But I will take the opportunity to just express my very high satisfaction of being here. It was my leanest experience to come in China, passing the passport, getting the no visa. And all of that was extremely good. And frankly speaking, it's delightful. My first time in Shenzhen, I see absolutely no issue. I see the weather is fantastic. The welcome from the Chinese colleagues is excellent. We had an amazing social event. We are doing our work normally. It's a pity that some of you cannot see the video. But I think it's a great opportunity to be here. And I think it's a great opportunity to be here. And I think it's incrediblyСchande that you may be spending your time in Shenzhen. That's what I really want to share with you today. I feel very special because I'm determined to come in, without a second thought. Whether you come in, whether you pass a visa or pass a campus filled with all這 luxury education. Do it. We are going to do it for?. US be required to be here? We really should take the opportunity. We're moving at it, but we also have to intervene as well. I have seen that some of our universities, certain other institutions in China, retaken all their previous universities. But most of them are from the University of quarter two in Shenzhen. How many people are coming? Customs, pharmas Examination system, Arab trade, police, recovery, center einen continue in this direction so that's one comment so thank you for organizing this it must have been a long way for our host to do all of this work and i'm very happy to be here and to do our work as normal the second thing i would like to say as well is to come back on pete's comments i think pete makes a very important point we should not confuse the two sides and we should be very very clear on the demarcation that he that he mentioned thank you thank you thanks arnold um jason hi jason living good um this is in response to uh pete's question now i will first say i'm not totally clear on what the confusion is because i wasn't in any of those meetings when i heard things say but i would encourage people to reread rfc 8711 pretty straightforward um and section 4-3 the lcd is established to provide administrative support to the itf has no authority over the standards development activities of the itf and it focuses on operations like organizing this meeting fundraising like fundraisers and so on uh compliance and its legal home so it was the case way back before the iasa 2 activity that the the standards development practice was like this amorphous thing without a legal home that was undefined and weird that's not the case anymore um it was put underneath a legal umbrella you know kind of protected by this limited liability corporation but it was also clear when the function was established there would be a separation between the standards development activities which are independent and operated by like the isg and you know so on and so forth then you had this legal structure so the docs are pretty clear but i'm not clear on whatever the questions were might be worth having a sidebar if there's a lot of confusion and i'm happy to help because unfortunately i think i might have been involved in some yes thanks jason thanks for the clarifying this and yes you've done a tremendous job in your term on the llc board thanks for pointing to that rfc um are there any comments from any of us on stage no seeing none um next up is vittorio hi vittorio i didn't plan to come at the mic but i i did want to offer a different perspective to what ecro said i think that having and also to some of the comments i've read in the chat i mean i think having a large meeting with a large number of newcomers is not a negative thing even if it means that google has some many regulars have remote actually i think this is exactly the purpose why the organizations like the idf all the international organizations rotate and meet in new places it is exactly to give a chance to people that would not otherwise have had a to come to the meeting to come at least once one time in person and discover this world and maybe they will continue and it is up to us not up as meaning the regulars i don't know if i'm a regular by now not up to the newcomers to find ways to continue to keep them engaged and turn them into regular contributors and into this extent i mean to a certain extent it was i mean in multiple sessions i saw drafts represented by newcomers being met with their usual unfortunately attitude by itf regulars so like i mean condescending or outright hostility or just to a way so i did this is i know the itf has been putting effort in these and changing this kind of attitude but it's still there and this week it was clearly perceivable in several sessions so in the end yes it's also said honestly that there are so many members of the leadership here i'm sure they had all very good questions and i think that's what i wanted to say and i think that's what i wanted to say reasons not to be here but the fact that we had the largest meeting idea of the itf ever and possibly the meeting with the so little that maybe the smallest participation of leadership ever is something we have to think about i think i'm sure that all of you made all the possible efforts to be here in person but still the result is not satisfactory maybe thanks thanks for your comments um victorio um rohan um i um yeah i i uh i support the fact that we came to china and several of us have reasons from either employers or personal reasons why we couldn't attend this meeting several people will have similar meetings similar reasons why they will not be able to attend in san francisco and there will be other destinations that will be difficult for some other folks it's getting harder for us to have one place where we can all go we need to just suck it up okay just let let the process run um we need to recognize there's a lot of good faith going on here and not beat up everyone unless you have a unless you have a concrete good suggestion for where we can go uh that is going to meet all of the requirements and is going to allow this this regular change of a venue so that things are are convenient for different people in different continents we just need to we need to be a little more flexible and be a little more kind to each other thank you thank you thanks for that comment um roberta hey folks um i have i don't know if this is the right place to ask this but i have a concern going to united states and i'm not sure if i'm going to be able to go to the united states because even though if you have applied for a visa and you have a visa in the united states you can be um you can be retained over there i wanted to know if the organization is already planning to have like a some kind of uh support for people that are going over there that are afraid because it's for any reason why right i i used to be an ethical hacker so i got a visa and i applied for a visa in the united states and i have a visa in the united states so i got some person of interest at least going on so i wanted to ask uh do the organization has support for people that could be detained without any reason when arriving on the united states and what are you planning as the country is on war right now right so how is going to be the support for attendees yeah um thanks for for bringing this up i know people are are concerned with um safety um and and stuff and this is why i i i believe i don't know why but maybe what i stated last time would be i'm not co- conspiratorial and i can speak to Cubos but i want to know what problems would you and like number one is you are you're already struggling and and particularly um of course basically dinosaur and animal migration so that's Start-ua & Look harder to say uh yeah we have some interesting concerns around uh this mapping work on the internet now and for the context that you mentioned like so if the law was to go on and you i think there would be some legislation to the first importance of it that would still be started but this would have to go along with the intention of uh the proposal as we shell out although there are potential concerns here it's too expensive, the liability is unlimited, it really has to be left to the individuals to do that themselves. My biggest concern is that during the visa process might be everything okay, and then we arrive over there and I have some instances of friends that have been detained and sometimes it's not just to go back home, to answer over there, it's more if we risk it, the organisation might at least know that we are there. But thank you. We are effectively a business conference in terms of visas, and if people are applying for a business conference visa or that type of visa to come here for that purpose, not coming to the US for that purpose, not going to work or anything like that, then... In fact, I'm not aware of any instances of somebody going through that process that has been detained. All of the issues have been about immigration status and work status within the country, not people coming to this sort of thing. I thank you for the comment, but actually I have some instances because of DEFCON and everything that has happened outside of this. I'm really sorry, but thank you. Thank you for the position. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Warren Kamari, I think I'm next. Yes. Just a quick... Just a quick follow-on from what Anand said. I found this to be a great venue. Everything's worked really nicely. People have been great. Yes, it was annoying to have to get a visa, but it turns out that's what most people have to do for most countries. So, you know, we have a lot of people, participants from China. This, I think, is the right thing to do and good on us. Thanks, Warren. Martin. Hi. Hi. So, I'm not sure that the LLC board has really listened to the community when it comes to either China or the US. And I would suggest that geopolitics is very much a big factor of what we have to deal with as one of the factors in making a decision. And I think that those people who have... who have suggested otherwise are denying reality to some extent. So, I would like to sort of ask whether or not you consider this particular meeting to be a success in that regard. And think about metrics that matter, as opposed to just the numbers of people that turn up. If people are looking to continue participation, you know, the 400-ish people who turned up in person this time, if those people continue, if they continue to participate, then maybe that would be a success. If they do not, then maybe we can learn something from that. And so, I suggest that someone track that. Thank you. Thanks for that suggestion. Yeah, we can definitely not evaluate this at this point. But, yeah, I don't know if anybody else wants to comment on that. Nope. Then... Hi there. Is my media working now? Yes. That's an excellent prelude to what I'm about to say. So, I wanted to push back on Arnaud's point that this is about geopolitics. I actually come to the opposite conclusion of Martin about politics being important. I think that the IESG and the LLC were correct in their discussion with the community about this leading up to the selection. That effectiveness and the ability to get the work of the organization done is the right lodestar to have. And while I agree with Roman that finding places where we can be effective is getting harder over time, as geopolitics intrudes on our work more and more, I think there's been some really unique challenges with this venue that don't exist other places in the world. The regulatory impositions we've seen with regards to the network are fairly unique. If you look at it in global context. So, I would encourage the IESG and the LLC to take a careful and close look in retrospect at this meeting and the challenges we faced. And to take that into account as you look at future venue selections, whether the sorts of challenges we've seen this week are likely to occur in other places and whether we're going to be able to be effective with the venues we select. Yeah, thanks for the suggestion, Richard. We'll definitely be able to do that. Yeah, thanks for the suggestion, Richard. We'll definitely be able to do that. I'm doing that like with any other venue that we're going to things. So, Miriam, if I might, on that particular kind of topic, Richard, you highlight kind of a good point, which is that about kind of what might be kind of unique challenges. And is there, after any meeting, a learning experience on, is there something that we learned here that might drive how we choose venues again in the future? So, I would invite everyone that has interest in venue selection, to come to Gen Dispatch tomorrow. We have a draft being presented on the topic of network requirements. And if we, if the community wants to sharpen what's required for the network, kind of for the meeting, this draft is one potential version of what that might kind of look like. So please come to that discussion. The LLC, I think ultimately we act on whatever is the community's consensus, the community consensus on what should be the venue selection criteria. And thanks for that. Thanks for the plug for my draft, Remit. I wanted to flag that a bit more broadly though, for the IESG and LLC, right? The question was posed to the LLC and to the IESG, will this meeting be effective, right? There was a proactive prediction that you guys were asked to make. And so I think as you're having board meetings, IESG retreats, things like that, I think it would be useful for you, these are bodies in, you know, internally to do some introspection, as to whether those predictions turned out to be accurate or whether you might make different decisions in the future. Yeah, thanks for that addition. Tony. Hi, Tony Lee. I'm an American. The way the United States government is operating right now, the ITF cannot protect anyone. The government is running around basically bands of thugs, and they are detaining anyone and everyone that they find objectionable. We've seen them detain citizens. We've seen them detain people who were illegally there. There's nothing that's going to happen legally that's going to protect anyone who comes to the U.S. Thanks, Tony. Yeah, I don't cannot comment on this stage. Thanks for this piece of information. Anyone else wants to comment? Nope. Then I see one more. Benjamin. Hi. So as a new participant in meetings with the IETF, the one thing that I have learned is, at least from many of you, is that the IETF is not a very well-known organization. I think that part of the reason that I'm so excited to be here today is that the work at the IETF happens on the mailing list. So to me, looking at the number of new participants within this group, these are a lot of people that I would not have met going to another meeting, and there are a lot of people that in the future could then participate in the mailing list that may have never done that, had they not been able to attend otherwise. So I personally am happy with this venue choice, and have had an excellent time here. That's great to hear. Thank you. I'm sorry. I was going to ask you about the IETF. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's great to hear. Thank you. Thanks, Benjamin. I don't see any more questions in the queue. We're a little over time, so I think that's it. Thank you all for joining and keeping around, and have a great evening there, if you're there in person. Miriam, before we sign off, Jay, do you want to repeat the social-focused activity kind of tonight with a light bulb? Yes. Thank you. Thank you. So, you know, we have a very special light show that you sent out to the community. This is a reminder that tonight we have a very special light show arranged by CN Nika Huawei. So this will be a – starting at 8 p.m. for 15 minutes, there will be a light show projected across multiple buildings in the city center as a welcome to the IETF. And I'm told the best place to see this from is the Civic Center where there will be music as well for that. So 8 o'clock. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. It's about 10, 15 minutes walk. You should see you all there. Jay? Is there another question? I guess not. The microphone is off, so. By the way, we have provided lots of, like, social maps in front of the doors of this meeting room, so feel free to take anyone. Thank you. Okay. Hة. Thank you all very much. That's actually, I think, a very, through dire nice Thank you. Thank you.