I think it's an key user's job of proposing. The implication for the testers and here, this is a bit of a controversy. An attestation key, the authors feel like it must be used by attester at the only digitally signed evidence. But it was raised in Montreal that we might wanna create a CSR for that key. So this key might be used to sign something other than evidence. So we put a shoot in here. And the implication for the cryptography modules, obviously the modules need to provide the appropriate service to accomplish the recommendation proposed in the spec. So we've updated the document. We're coming back. We would like to ask for adoption. We have a draft right now, as far as the, of the rats, which is evidence encoding for HSMs, which would be dependent on this EKU. So the work is split between the two groups as the EKUs are really a LEMPS concern and the evidence encoding is really a RATs concern. So that's it for me. These are the pointers if you wanna find the work. I'm gonna do to entertain questions. Go ahead, Mike. Hi. You gotta chance to talk with JP for about an hour last week. And actually think a draft like this is necessary. The problem with the current draft, my point of view is that it's heavily RATs to side as opposed to being PKUs. There are a number of things that are in there that are problematic when you're just trying to look at getting a key enrolled by a CSR, getting somebody who's looking at a certificate to do something useful with it. It's perfectly fine for us to say what they wanna do on their outside. And it's perfectly fine for the CSR or other things to do, what they wanna do with respect to that usage. It's probably not appropriate to go down one path in this document and that basically eliminates other path. There's a couple other things that are actually technical that need to be fixed related to how you actually do act to station. Speaking of the truth are one way, but there's also proof by decryption, which is used in a couple of other systems. So I don't wanna eliminate those and I wanna make sure that we don't prevent us from going in that case. And there's a bunch of other little things, but again, that's where I'm going with this. Thank you. Mike? I'll express my opinion whether to rats or not to rats. The point about not overly ratting, I think was sustained on the CSR test document, but this EKU document is attempting to register an EKU for the wire format that we're specifying in the rats working group. Like this is a subordinate document to a rats working group document, so I don't understand the objection to ratifying a thing that is subordinate to a rat's thing. Over. I think Michael's got a reply. Yeah, and I don't actually understand that. This is a document that is marking a certificate that says the certificate contains a key that can be used for act to station. Periodos, it's not the key in this is a particular type of act to station. That's something different and if you wanna do that and the EKU associated with something you create over a rat perhaps, but this was supposed to be a more general purpose than I at least that's the way I understood it the first time this came around. So. If making this EKU specific to the P-CIX evidence.