



idr                                                             K. Braet
Internet-Draft                                       Liberty Global Ltd.
Intended status: Informational                              16 June 2026
Expires: 18 December 2026


                     Source-Selective BGP Framework
           draft-braet-idr-source-selective-bgp-framework-00

Abstract

   The Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routes traffic solely based on
   destination IP prefixes.  Source Selective BGP (SSB) introduces an
   architecture combining BGP and Resource Public Key Infrastructure
   (RPKI) extensions, which allows prefix holders to cryptographically
   signal RPKI source authorization policies for their advertised
   reachability.

   SSB distributes references to these policies via a new BGP path
   attribute, allowing routing systems to incorporate source-based
   constraints into local forwarding policies.  Crucially, SSB does not
   define a source address validation mechanism, mandate packet
   filtering behavior, or alter fundamental destination-based routing;
   interpretation remains a matter of local operator policy.  This
   document provides the overall architectural context and deployment
   rationale for the SSB protocol suite.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 18 December 2026.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2026 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.



Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026                [Page 1]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/
   license-info) in effect on the date of publication of this document.
   Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights
   and restrictions with respect to this document.  Code Components
   extracted from this document must include Revised BSD License text as
   described in Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are
   provided without warranty as described in the Revised BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   3
   2.  Terminology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   4
   3.  Motivation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   5
     3.1.  Limitations of Destination-Only Routing . . . . . . . . .   5
     3.2.  DDoS and Security Challenges  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   6
     3.3.  Business Connectivity Requirements  . . . . . . . . . . .   7
     3.4.  Source-Constrained Reachability Model . . . . . . . . . .   7
   4.  Overview of Source-Selective BGP  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   8
     4.1.  Core Concept  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   8
     4.2.  How SSB Works . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   8
   5.  Architecture and Components . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  10
     5.1.  RPKI Source Prefix Authorization (SPA)  . . . . . . . . .  10
     5.2.  BGP SOURCE_SELECTIVE Path Attribute . . . . . . . . . . .  11
     5.3.  RPKI-to-Router Protocol Extensions  . . . . . . . . . . .  12
     5.4.  Data Flow . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  12
   6.  Use Cases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  13
     6.1.  Reliable Cloud Connectivity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  13
     6.2.  SD-WAN Underlay Protection  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  14
     6.3.  Business-to-Business Extranet Connectivity  . . . . . . .  15
     6.4.  DDoS Mitigation and Traffic Engineering . . . . . . . . .  15
   7.  Deployment Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  16
     7.1.  Incremental Deployment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  16
     7.2.  Provider-Aggregatable (PA) Address Space  . . . . . . . .  17
     7.3.  Route Aggregation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  17
     7.4.  Brownfield Deployment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  18
   8.  Operational Considerations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  18
     8.1.  Scaling SPA Filters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  18
     8.2.  SPA Lifecycle Management  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  19
     8.3.  Monitoring and Troubleshooting  . . . . . . . . . . . . .  20
   9.  Specification Considerations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  20
     9.1.  Role of the BGP SOURCE_SELECTIVE Path Attribute . . . . .  21
       9.1.1.  Controlled Enforcement Scope  . . . . . . . . . . . .  21
       9.1.2.  Separation of Authorization and Routing . . . . . . .  21
       9.1.3.  Explicit and Observable Failure Modes . . . . . . . .  21
       9.1.4.  Operational Visibility  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  21
       9.1.5.  Limitations of Alternative Signaling Mechanisms . . .  22
   10. Relationship to Existing Mechanisms . . . . . . . . . . . . .  22



Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026                [Page 2]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


     10.1.  BGP FlowSpec . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  22
     10.2.  RPKI Route Origin Authorization (ROA)  . . . . . . . . .  22
     10.3.  Remotely Triggered Black Hole (RTBH) Filtering . . . . .  23
     10.4.  Internet Routing Registry (IRR) and RPSL . . . . . . . .  23
   11. Security Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  24
     11.1.  RPKI Security Model  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  24
     11.2.  Source Address Validation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  24
     11.3.  Denial of Service Vectors  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  25
     11.4.  Operational Security . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  25
     11.5.  BGP Control Plane Manipulation . . . . . . . . . . . . .  26
   12. IANA Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  26
   13. Acknowledgments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  26
   14. References  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  26
     14.1.  Normative References . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  26
     14.2.  Informative References . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  27
   Author's Address  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  28

1.  Introduction

   The Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) [RFC4271] routes packets based on
   their destination IP address.  A BGP router selects the best path to
   a destination prefix and forwards all traffic destined to that prefix
   along the chosen path, regardless of the traffic's source address.
   This destination-only routing model has been fundamental to the
   Internet's success, enabling simplicity, scalability, and stability.
   However, it creates challenges in scenarios where networks need to
   control which sources are permitted to send traffic to a destination.

   Examples of these challenges include:

   *  DDoS mitigation: During volumetric DDoS attacks, such as carpet
      bombing vectors, a target network cannot selectively admit trusted
      traffic at its boundary if upstream interdomain transit links are
      already overwhelmed.  Because traffic filtering occurs post-
      transit, the incoming access link undergoes total capacity
      exhaustion, rendering local edge mitigation mechanisms completely
      ineffective.

   *  Extranet connectivity: Organizations cannot advertise IP prefixes
      that are reachable only for specific partners.

   Source Selective BGP (SSB) addresses these limitations by enabling
   prefix holders to signal authorization policies indicating which
   source prefixes are permitted to use their advertised reachability.
   SSB builds on the Resource Public Key Infrastructure (RPKI) [RFC6480]
   to provide cryptographically verifiable authorization data that can
   be distributed and used by routing systems.  The mechanism is
   intended to extend routing policy signaling and does not modify the



Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026                [Page 3]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   fundamental destination-based forwarding model of BGP.  Authorization
   information is carried as an input to local routing and forwarding
   policy, and the interpretation of this information is left to the
   receiving operator.

   This document introduces SSB, including:

   *  Motivation (Section 3)

   *  Architectural overview and components (Sections 4 and 5)

   *  Use cases (Section 6)

   *  Deployment, operational, and specification considerations
      (Sections 7, 8, and 9)

   *  Comparison with existing mechanisms (Section 10)

   *  Security analysis (Section 11)

   The normative protocol specifications for SSB are defined in two
   separate Standards Track documents:

   *  BGP SOURCE_SELECTIVE Path Attribute
      [I-D.braet-idr-bgp-source-selective-attr]

   *  RPKI Source Prefix Authorization objects
      [I-D.braet-sidrops-spa-profile]

   Note: The underlying RPKI-to-Router (RTR) protocol PDU wire formats
   for delivering this payload are handled informatively via Appendix A
   of [I-D.braet-idr-bgp-source-selective-attr].

   This document is informational and does not define protocol
   mechanisms.  It is intended to provide architectural context and
   deployment rationale for the SSB protocol suite.

2.  Terminology

   *  Source-Selective BGP (SSB): A BGP, RPKI and RTR extension to allow
      prefix holders to express intent about which sources are
      authorized to send traffic to those prefixes.

   *  Source Authorization (SA): An RPKI Object created by prefix
      holders to define sources authorized to originate traffic toward
      their prefix or sub-prefix.  For example an SPA RPKI Object type.





Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026                [Page 4]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   *  Source Authorization Identifier (SA-ID): Source Authorization
      Identifier, a compact reference to an SPA object carried in the
      BGP SOURCE_SELECTIVE path attribute.

   *  Source Prefix Authorization (SPA): A set of Source IP address
      prefixes authorized to send packets to a destination prefix
      published in RPKI as specified in [I-D.braet-sidrops-spa-profile]

   *  Source-Selective (SOURCE_SELECTIVE): The BGP Path Attribute that
      references one or more RPKI Source Authorization (SA) objects as
      specified in [I-D.braet-bgp-source-selective-attr.

   *  RPKI-to-Router protocol (RTR): A protocol that delivers Validated
      ROA Payloads (VRPs) from a relying party cache to routers,
      enabling BGP route validation without the router needing to
      process complex cryptography [RFC8210].

   *  Validated SPA Payload (VSP): Router RPKI Cache holding Validated
      SPA Payload retrieved via RTR.

   *  Destination Prefix: The IP prefix being advertised in NLRI field
      of a BGP UPDATE message.

   *  Authorized Source Prefix: A source IP prefix that is authorized by
      an SPA to send traffic to a destination prefix.

   The terms "AS" (Autonomous System), "BGP speaker", "NLRI" (Network
   Layer Reachability Information), and "Path Attribute" are used as
   defined in [RFC4271].

3.  Motivation

3.1.  Limitations of Destination-Only Routing

   BGP's destination-only forwarding model treats all traffic equally,
   regardless of its source.  Once a route to a destination prefix is
   selected, the router forwards all packets destined to that prefix
   along the chosen path.

   This creates several challenges:

   *  Networks cannot differentiate between legitimate traffic from
      trusted sources and malicious traffic from attackers.

   *  Service providers cannot offer connectivity that is selectively
      available only to specific customer populations.





Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026                [Page 5]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   *  Enterprises cannot advertise internal services that should be
      reachable only from business partners or branch offices.

   Existing workarounds, such as access control lists (ACLs), firewall
   rules, and VPN overlays, operate above the IP routing layer or on the
   receiving end only and cannot influence Internet forwarding.  These
   mechanisms:

   *  Require traffic to traverse the network before being filtered,
      consuming bandwidth and resources.

   *  Cannot prevent upstream networks from forwarding unwanted traffic.

   *  Lack cryptographic verifiability and rely on manual configuration.

   *  Do not integrate with the Internet's global routing system.

3.2.  DDoS and Security Challenges

   Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks exploit the destination-
   only routing model by sending large volumes of malicious traffic that
   cannot be distinguished from legitimate traffic at the routing layer.

   Current DDoS mitigation strategies include:

   *  Remotely Triggered Black Hole (RTBH) filtering [RFC5635], which
      discards all traffic to a destination, including legitimate
      traffic.

   *  BGP FlowSpec [RFC8955], which requires per-flow filter
      distribution, does not provide cryptographic authorization by the
      holder of the IP addresses on the receiving end.

   *  Scrubbing centers, which introduce latency, cost, and potential
      privacy concerns.

   *  DDoS Open Threat Signaling (DOTS) [RFC8782], which provides a
      bilateral framework to reactively signal mitigation requests
      upstream, but depends on pre-existing provider relationships and
      lacks a mechanism for global, multi-hop cryptographic source
      authorization.

   None of these approaches enable a network at the receiving end to
   cryptographically signal "accept traffic to this destination only
   from these authorized sources" in a way that upstream networks can
   validate and enforce.





Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026                [Page 6]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


3.3.  Business Connectivity Requirements

   Enterprises and service providers require selective reachability for
   business connectivity:

   *  B2B Extranet Services: A manufacturer may want its ordering system
      reachable only from authorized supplier networks, not from the
      full Internet.

   *  SD-WAN Underlay Protection: An SD-WAN device should be reachable
      only from the enterprise's own branch locations, not from
      arbitrary Internet sources.

   *  Cloud Service Interconnection: A cloud customer may want specific
      workloads reachable only from their on-premises networks or
      approved partners.

   Current solutions rely on overlay technologies (IPsec VPNs, MPLS
   L3VPNs, SD-WAN) or manual ACL configuration.  These approaches:

   *  Require bilateral coordination and manual configuration.

   *  Do not leverage the global BGP routing system.

   *  Cannot be cryptographically verified by intermediate networks.

   *  Increase operational complexity and reduce agility.

3.4.  Source-Constrained Reachability Model

   Some operational models require that reachability to specific
   destination prefixes be constrained based on the set of permitted
   source networks.  Examples include controlled interconnection between
   organizations, protection of infrastructure endpoints, and reduction
   of unwanted traffic from unknown sources.

   Existing Internet routing mechanisms do not provide a standardized
   way for prefix holders to signal such source-specific reachability
   constraints to other networks.  As a result, operators rely on
   locally configured filtering, overlay mechanisms, or application-
   layer controls.

   Source Selective BGP (SSB) enables prefix holders to publish
   authorization information indicating which source prefixes are
   permitted to use their advertised reachability, and to signal the
   applicability of this information using BGP.





Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026                [Page 7]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   This approach allows routing systems to incorporate source-based
   policy inputs into local decision-making processes, where supported.
   The mechanism is compatible with existing destination-based routing
   and does not require changes to endpoint behavior.

   The use of source-constrained reachability policies is intended to
   support operational use cases where tighter control over permitted
   traffic sources is desirable.  The interpretation and enforcement of
   these policies remain a matter of local operator configuration.

4.  Overview of Source-Selective BGP

4.1.  Core Concept

   Source-Selective BGP enables a prefix holder to cryptographically
   declare: "Traffic to my destination prefix D should be accepted only
   if it originates from source prefixes S1, S2, ..., Sn."

   This authorization is expressed as a Source Prefix Authorization
   (SPA) object, signed using the RPKI and published in the global RPKI
   repository system.  The SPA is then referenced in BGP route
   advertisements using a new SOURCE_SELECTIVE path attribute.

   Routers that support SSB may:

   1.  Fetch and validate SPA objects from the RPKI repository using the
       Relying Party Validator.

   2.  Process BGP UPDATE messages containing SOURCE_SELECTIVE
       attributes.

   3.  Install data plane filters that permit only authorized source
       prefixes to reach the advertised destination.

   Routers that do not support SSB can ignore the SOURCE_SELECTIVE
   attribute and continue to forward traffic using destination-only
   routing, enabling incremental deployment.

4.2.  How SSB Works

   The SSB workflow involves four main steps:

   Step 1: SPA Creation and Publication

   The prefix holder (e.g., an enterprise) uses their RPKI resource
   certificate to sign an SPA object that specifies:





Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026                [Page 8]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   *  The destination prefix or sub-prefix being protected (e.g.,
      2001:db8:2016:1f00::/56)

   *  A list of authorized source prefixes (e.g., 3fff:10::/32,
      3fff:20::/32)

   *  A unique SPA object name derived from the destination prefix or
      destination sub-prefix being protected

   The SPA (e.g. 2001.db8.2016.1f00-56.spa) is published in the global
   RPKI repository, where it can be fetched and validated by any network
   operator.

   Step 2: BGP Route Advertisement with SOURCE_SELECTIVE Attribute

   When advertising the destination prefix in BGP, the origin AS (or an
   upstream AS) includes a SOURCE_SELECTIVE path attribute in the UPDATE
   message.  This attribute contains one or more SA-IDs that reference
   the published SPA objects using the destination prefix or destination
   sub-prefix.

   Example:

   UPDATE message for 2001:db8::/32
   Path Attributes:
     ORIGIN: IGP
     AS_PATH: 64496 64497
     SOURCE_SELECTIVE:
       SA-ID: 2001:db8:2016:1f00::/56

   Step 3: SPA Retrieval and Validation

   Routers that receive the UPDATE message extract the SA-ID from the
   SOURCE_SELECTIVE attribute and retrieve the corresponding SPA object
   content from the RPKI Validator typically via the RPKI-to-Router
   protocol.

   The RPKI Validator validates:

   *  The cryptographic signature on the SPA using the RPKI trust
      anchor.

   *  That the signing certificate covers the destination prefix.

   *  That the SPA has not expired.

   Following successful validation, the RTR server delivers the VSP
   (Validated SPA Payload) contents to SSB routers.



Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026                [Page 9]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   Step 4: Data Plane Filter Installation

   Once the SPA policy is validated and retrieved from the VSP cache,
   the router installs a data plane filter (SPA filter) that permits
   traffic to the destination prefix only from the authorized source
   prefixes listed in the SPA.

   Traffic from unauthorized sources is dropped at ingress, before being
   forwarded into the network.  Example filter logic:

   IF destination == 2001:db8:2016:1f00::/56 THEN
     IF source IN {3fff:10::/32, 3fff:20::/32} THEN
       FORWARD
     ELSE
       DROP
     END IF
   END IF

5.  Architecture and Components

   SSB consists of three main technical components, each specified in a
   separate Standards Track document:

   1.  RPKI Source Prefix Authorization (SPA) objects

   2.  BGP SOURCE_SELECTIVE Path Attribute

   3.  RPKI-to-Router (RTR) Protocol extensions for SPA distribution

5.1.  RPKI Source Prefix Authorization (SPA)

   An SPA is a digitally signed object, like a Route Origin
   Authorization (ROA) [RFC6482], that binds a destination prefix to a
   set of authorized source prefixes.

   SPA structure (defined in [I-D.braet-sidrops-spa-profile])
   conceptually compasses:

   *  Version: SPA format version

   *  Protected Prefix: The destination prefix for which sources are
      being authorized

   *  Source Prefix List: One or more authorized source prefixes

   *  Validity Period: Not Before / Not After timestamps





Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 10]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   *  Signature: Cryptographic signature using the prefix holder's RPKI
      certificate

   SPAs are encoded as CMS-signed objects [RFC5652] and published in the
   RPKI repository system using the same distribution mechanisms as
   ROAs, certificates, and manifests.

   Key properties:

   *  Cryptographically verifiable: Any party can validate the signature
      using the RPKI trust hierarchy.

   *  Destination prefix authorization: The signing certificate must
      cover the destination prefix.

   *  Global discoverability: SPAs are published in the global RPKI
      repository and can be fetched by any network.

   *  Revocable: SPAs can be expired or revoked by publishing updated
      manifests.

5.2.  BGP SOURCE_SELECTIVE Path Attribute

   The SOURCE_SELECTIVE path attribute is an optional transitive BGP
   path attribute that carries references (SA-IDs) to one or more SPA
   objects.

   Attribute structure (defined in
   [I-D.braet-idr-bgp-source-selective-attr]):

   *  Attribute Type Code: TBD (to be assigned by IANA)

   *  Attribute Flags: Optional, Transitive

   *  Attribute Length: Variable

   *  SA-ID List: One or more SA-IDs (References to SPAs)

   The attribute is optional transitive, meaning:

   *  Routers that understand SSB process the attribute and may install
      SPA filters.

   *  Routers that do not understand SSB propagate the attribute
      unchanged, enabling incremental deployment.






Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 11]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   Multiple SA-IDs can be included to reference multiple SPAs, enabling
   multiple source authorization policies for a single aggregate prefix
   advertisement (e.g., authorizing different source sets for different
   Destination prefixes or different Source Authorization types).

5.3.  RPKI-to-Router Protocol Extensions

   The RPKI-to-Router (RTR) protocol [RFC8210] is extended to deliver
   Validated SPA Payloads (VSPs) from validators to routers.  This
   avoids requiring routers to parse complex cryptography directly.

   These extensions support the addition and withdrawal of both IPv4 and
   IPv6 permitted source prefix filters.  The informative wire format
   and lookup models are detailed in Appendix A of
   [I-D.braet-idr-bgp-source-selective-attr].  A formal protocol
   specification will be introduced at a later stage.

5.4.  Data Flow

   The complete SSB data flow:

   1.  Prefix Holder: Creates and signs SPA, publishes to RPKI
       repository.

   2.  RPKI Validator (e.g., Routinator, FORT): Fetches SPA from
       repository, validates signature and certificate chain.

   3.  Origin AS: Advertises destination prefix in BGP UPDATE with
       SOURCE_SELECTIVE attribute containing SA-ID.

   4.  Transit/Peer AS Routers:

       1.  The router receives BGP UPDATE with SOURCE_SELECTIVE
           attribute.

       2.  The router extracts Destination Prefix from attribute.
           Limiting this check to local and customer BGP routes reduces
           router resource utilization.

       3.  The router queries local RPKI cache (retrieved via RTR
           protocol) for SPA matching Destination Prefix.

       4.  The router retrieves SPA data (destination prefix, source
           prefix list).

       5.  The router validates that destination prefix in SPA matches
           or is a subset of NLRI in UPDATE.




Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 12]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


       6.  The router installs data plane SPA filter: permit traffic to
           destination only from authorized sources.

   5.  Data Plane: Ingress router applies SPA filter; drops traffic from
       unauthorized sources.

6.  Use Cases

6.1.  Reliable Cloud Connectivity

   Problem: An enterprise connects to a cloud provider (e.g., AWS,
   Azure, GCP) and wants to ensure that certain cloud-hosted services
   are reachable only from the enterprise's own networks and vice versa,
   not from the public Internet.

   Traditional approach: Configure cloud firewall rules or security
   groups to permit traffic only between the enterprise's source IP
   ranges and the Cloud-hosted service IP ranges.  However, this
   filtering occurs at the cloud perimeter and enterprise firewall.
   Unauthorized traffic has already traversed the Internet to the
   enterprise network and services potentially overloading network
   resources.

   SSB solution:

   *  The cloud provider publishes an SPA authorizing only the
      enterprise's source prefixes.

   *  The enterprise publishes an SPA authorizing only the cloud source
      prefixes.

   *  The cloud provider and enterprise advertise their prefixes in BGP
      with a SOURCE_SELECTIVE attribute referencing the SPAs.

   *  Upstream ISPs that support SSB install SPA filters, dropping
      unauthorized traffic before it reaches the cloud provider's and
      enterprise's networks.

   *  DDoS attacks and unauthorized access attempts are filtered at
      Internet edge routers, reducing load on the cloud and enterprise
      infrastructure.

   Benefits:

   *  Reduced attack surface: Unwanted traffic is dropped at the network
      edge.





Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 13]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   *  Operational Cost Savings: Minimizes ingress bandwidth fees and
      prevents DDoS attacks from triggering expensive cloud auto-scaling
      mechanisms.

   *  Improved security posture: Cryptographically validate access
      control at the routing layer.

   *  Increased availability of Cloud services: Connectivity protected
      against DDoS attacks.

6.2.  SD-WAN Underlay Protection

   Problem: An SD-WAN deployment uses the public Internet as an
   underlay.  SD-WAN infrastructure endpoints are Internet-reachable and
   vulnerable to reconnaissance, vulnerability scanning, and DDoS
   attacks.

   Traditional approach: Deploy the SD-WAN infrastructure behind
   firewalls or VPN concentrators or use cloud-based DDoS scrubbing
   services.  These add cost, latency, and complexity.

   SSB solution:

   *  The enterprise publishes SPAs authorizing only its own branch
      office prefixes to reach the SD-WAN controller and SW-WAN edge
      devices.

   *  The prefixes for SD-WAN infrastructure are advertised in BGP with
      SOURCE_SELECTIVE attributes.

   *  ISPs supporting SSB install SPA filters, ensuring only authorized
      branch locations can send traffic to SD-WAN endpoints.

   Benefits:

   *  Protection against Internet-wide attacks: Unauthorized sources
      cannot reach SD-WAN infrastructure.

   *  Simplified security architecture: No need for complex firewall
      rules or scrubbing services.

   *  Concealed infrastructure footprint: Prevents public Internet
      reconnaissance, port scanning, and vulnerability discovery against
      underlay endpoints.

   *  Increased availability underlay network: Unauthorized sources
      cannot overload underlay transport.




Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 14]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


6.3.  Business-to-Business Extranet Connectivity

   Problem: A manufacturer operates an ordering system that should be
   reachable only from authorized supplier networks.  Exposing this
   system on the public Internet creates security risks; using MPLS VPNs
   with Network-to-Network Interfaces (NNIs) for each supplier adds
   operational overhead.

   Traditional approach: Deploy VPNs or MPLS L3VPNs for each supplier or
   use application-layer authentication and firewall rules.

   SSB solution:

   *  The manufacturer publishes an SPA authorizing source prefixes
      belonging to approved suppliers.

   *  The manufacturer advertises the ordering system prefix in BGP with
      a SOURCE_SELECTIVE attribute.

   *  Transit ISPs install SPA filters, allowing only authorized
      suppliers to reach the ordering system.

   *  New suppliers can be onboarded by issuing an updated SPA profile
      without requiring extending a MPLS VPN service with NNIs.

   Benefits:

   *  Dynamic, cryptographically authorized access control: No bilateral
      VPN setup required.

   *  Reduced operational complexity: Centralized authorization via
      RPKI.

   *  Scalable Partner Onboarding: Enables rapid supplier integration
      via simple routing policy updates.

6.4.  DDoS Mitigation and Traffic Engineering

   Problem: Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks overwhelm
   destination networks with volumetric traffic.  Existing control-plane
   mitigation techniques, such as Remotely Triggered Black Hole (RTBH)
   routing or third-party traffic redirection, require reactive
   implementation after an attack is detected.  This introduces a
   propagation delay during which the attack traffic reaches the
   destination network.  Furthermore, third-party redirection services
   operate without intrinsic knowledge of the destination's specific
   connectivity requirements, while RTBH indiscriminately discards all
   traffic destined to the target IP, resulting in complete service



Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 15]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   disruption for legitimate users.

   SSB solution:

   *  The prefix holder publishes an SPA specifying authorized source
      prefixes (e.g., CDN edges or trusted partners) based on its
      network requirements.

   *  The destination network advertises the destination prefix in BGP
      with the SOURCE_SELECTIVE attribute.

   *  The destination network can apply this attribute exclusively to a
      more-specific sub-prefix if only a part of the prefix needs
      protection.

   *  Supporting upstream networks match traffic against the SPA filter
      at ingress, dropping traffic from unlisted sources.

   Benefits:

   *  Pre-enforced Filtering: Eliminates the propagation delay
      associated with reactive mitigation by maintaining an active
      ingress filter profile.

   *  Autonomous Traffic Control: Relies on data provided directly by
      the prefix holder, removing dependence on external traffic
      classification policies.

   *  Granular Preservation: Limits traffic drops to unauthorized
      sources, preventing the total service disruption caused by
      destination-based black-holing.

   *  Cryptographically Authorized Intent: Verifies the source-filter
      policy through the RPKI trust anchor before installation.

7.  Deployment Considerations

7.1.  Incremental Deployment

   *  The SOURCE_SELECTIVE attribute is optional transitive, routers
      that do not understand SSB will propagate it unchanged.

   *  Networks that support SSB gain the ability to enforce source-based
      filtering; networks that do not support it continue to operate
      with destination-only routing.






Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 16]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   *  Prefix holders can begin publishing SPAs and advertising routes
      with SOURCE_SELECTIVE attributes immediately, even if only some
      ASes support enforcement.

   *  As more networks deploy SSB, the security and filtering benefits
      increase, creating a positive deployment incentive.

   Early adopters will likely include:

   *  ISPs offering differentiated security services to customers

   *  Cloud and content providers seeking to reduce DDoS exposure

   *  Large enterprises with strong security requirements

7.2.  Provider-Aggregatable (PA) Address Space

   Challenge: Many enterprises use Provider-Aggregatable (PA) address
   space allocated by their ISP.  These enterprises do not hold RPKI
   certificates for PA space and cannot sign SPAs.

   Solutions:

   *  ISP delegation: The ISP can delegate a resource certificate to the
      enterprise customer, allowing them to sign SPAs for their PA
      prefixes.

   *  ISP as SPA publisher: The ISP publishes SPAs on behalf of
      customers as a managed service.

   *  Migration to Provider Independent (PI) space: Enterprises that
      require SSB may choose to obtain PI address space, giving them
      direct control over RPKI certificates and SPA publication.

7.3.  Route Aggregation

   Challenge: BGP route aggregation may cause a more-specific route with
   a SOURCE_SELECTIVE attribute to be aggregated into a less-specific
   route without the attribute, breaking SSB enforcement.

   Solutions:

   *  Aggregate routes can carry a SOURCE_SELECTIVE attribute with a
      list of Source Authorization Identifiers covering for more-
      specific prefixes.

   *  Routers may include Source Authorization Identifiers of
      contributing routes in the aggregate route advertisement.



Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 17]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


7.4.  Brownfield Deployment

   SSB is designed to work in existing ("brownfield") networks without
   requiring forklift upgrades:

   *  No changes to existing BGP speakers: Routers that do not support
      SSB simply ignore the SOURCE_SELECTIVE attribute.

   *  Router software upgrades.  SSB requires software support for:

      -  Processing the SOURCE_SELECTIVE path attribute

      -  Fetching SPA objects via RTR protocol

      -  Installing data plane SPA filters

   *  SPA publication tools: Prefix holders need tools to create, sign,
      and publish SPA objects, similar to existing ROA management tools.

   *  RPKI infrastructure:

      -  Risk: Standard specifications lack clear forward compatibility
         rules, legacy validators encountering unrecognized file formats
         may reject the entire parent Certificate Authority repository.

      -  Mitigation: To prevent these cascading routing dropouts, the
         new object type must be tested in isolated testbeds and phased
         into production only after ensuring the global network has
         upgraded to fault-tolerant validator versions.

      -  Precedent: Operational rollouts for objects like Autonomous
         System Provider Authorizations (ASPA) have successfully
         conditioned the modern validation ecosystem to safely isolate
         and ignore un-implemented profile types by default.

8.  Operational Considerations

8.1.  Scaling SPA Filters

   Question: How many SPA filters can a router support?

   Considerations:

   *  Data plane capacity: Modern routers support hundreds of thousands
      of ACL entries; SPA filters are conceptually similar.

   *  Control plane overhead: Routers must fetch and validate SPAs via
      RTR protocol; this is comparable to ROA processing.



Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 18]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   *  Memory: SPA filters consume memory for source prefix lists and
      destination prefix state.

   Mitigation strategies:

   *  Selective SPA enforcement: Routers can choose to enforce SPAs only
      for prefixes that are ASN local or advertised by customers.

   *  Hardware offload: Data plane filtering can be implemented in ASICs
      or FPGAs for line-rate performance.

   *  Hierarchical filtering: Edge routers enforce SPAs; core routers
      may rely on edge enforcement and avoid installing SPA filters.

   SSB is not intended for universal enforcement across the default-free
   zone; operators can and are expected to scope enforcement to prefixes
   of interest.

8.2.  SPA Lifecycle Management

   SPA objects have a lifecycle like ROAs:

   *  Creation: Prefix holder generates and signs SPA using RPKI
      tooling.

   *  Publication: SPA is published to RPKI repository and propagated
      via RPKI sync protocol.

   *  Validation: RPKI validators fetch, validate, and distribute SPA
      via RTR protocol.

   *  Expiration: SPAs include a validity period (Not Before / Not After
      timestamps).  Expired SPAs are automatically invalidated.

   *  Revocation: SPAs can be revoked by removing them from the manifest
      or by publishing updated manifests with incremented serial
      numbers.

   *  Updates: To add or remove authorized source prefixes, the prefix
      holder publishes a new SPA with an updated source prefix list.

   Best practices:

   *  Set reasonable validity periods (e.g., 30-90 days) to limit the
      impact of compromise while minimizing management overhead.

   *  Automate SPA renewal to avoid accidental expiration.




Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 19]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   *  Monitor SPA validation status and alert on failures.

8.3.  Monitoring and Troubleshooting

   Operators deploying SSB should monitor:

   *  SPA publication status: Are SPAs successfully published to the
      RPKI repository?

   *  SPA validation status: Are routers successfully fetching and
      validating SPAs?

   *  SPA filter installation: Are data plane filters correctly
      installed for advertised prefixes?

   *  Traffic drops: Are legitimate traffic flows being inadvertently
      dropped due to misconfigured SPAs?

   Troubleshooting tools:

   *  RPKI validation reports: Show which SPAs are valid, invalid, or
      missing.

   *  BGP route monitoring: Verify that SOURCE_SELECTIVE attributes are
      correctly propagated.

   *  SPA Destination Prefix match monitoring: Verify that BGP
      advertised Source Authorization policies are successfully matched
      in Validated SPA Payload (VSP) cache.

   *  SPA filter table: Table off all implemented SPA policies and
      associated BGP route.

   *  SPA filter logs: Log traffic drops due to SPA enforcement to
      identify misconfigurations or attacks.

   *  Test traffic: Send test packets from authorized and unauthorized
      sources to verify SPA enforcement.

9.  Specification Considerations

   This section outlines key architectural considerations for Source
   Selective BGP (SSB), with emphasis on the role of the BGP
   SOURCE_SELECTIVE Path Attribute and its interaction with RPKI-based
   Source Prefix Authorizations (SPAs).






Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 20]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


9.1.  Role of the BGP SOURCE_SELECTIVE Path Attribute

   While SPAs carry the cryptographically signed Source Authorization
   policy, explicit signaling in the BGP control plane is required for
   scalable and operable deployment.

9.1.1.  Controlled Enforcement Scope

   SSB allows operators to limit Source Authorization processing and
   enforcement to operationally relevant routes, such as those
   originated locally or learned from customer ASNs.  The
   SOURCE_SELECTIVE Path Attribute enables routers to selectively
   process such routes, avoiding unnecessary control plane and data
   plane overhead.

9.1.2.  Separation of Authorization and Routing

   SSB maintains a clear separation of concerns:

   *  RPKI provides cryptographically verifiable Source Authorization
      via SPAs.

   *  BGP distributes reachability information and signals the
      applicability of Source Authorization using the SOURCE_SELECTIVE
      Path Attribute.

   This mirrors the existing ROA-based origin validation model and
   preserves the established roles of RPKI and BGP.

9.1.3.  Explicit and Observable Failure Modes

   The combination of SOURCE_SELECTIVE signaling and SPAs creates a
   clear two-step validation model.  If a route is advertised with a
   SOURCE_SELECTIVE attribute but no corresponding valid SPA is
   available, the condition is immediately observable.  This avoids
   silent policy mismatches and simplifies operational diagnostics.

9.1.4.  Operational Visibility

   Explicit control-plane signaling allows operators to correlate
   traffic drops with BGP route advertisements and Source Authorization
   intent.  This improves troubleshooting by clearly distinguishing
   authorization-related drops from routing or forwarding failures.








Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 21]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


9.1.5.  Limitations of Alternative Signaling Mechanisms

   While BGP Large Communities could carry references to Source
   Authorization information, such communities are frequently modified
   or discarded during route aggregation.  In contrast, the optional
   transitive SOURCE_SELECTIVE Path Attribute is preserved across
   propagation and aggregation, ensuring that Source Authorization
   intent is not lost.

10.  Relationship to Existing Mechanisms

10.1.  BGP FlowSpec

   BGP FlowSpec [RFC8955] allows networks to distribute traffic flow
   specifications (filters) via BGP.  FlowSpec can match on source
   prefix, destination prefix, ports, protocols, and other fields, and
   can apply actions such as rate-limiting or dropping.

   Differences from SSB:

   *  Scope: FlowSpec distributes arbitrary filters that can be
      generated by any entity; SSB specifically binds authorized sources
      to destinations by the holder of the destination IP addresses.

   *  Cryptographic authorization: SSB uses RPKI-signed SPAs created by
      the holder of the destination IP addresses.

   *  Deployment model: FlowSpec is typically used within a single AS or
      between trusted ASes; SSB is designed for global Internet
      deployment.

   *  Semantics: FlowSpec filters are often reactive (e.g., installed
      during an attack); SSB authorizations are proactive and policy-
      driven.

   SSB and FlowSpec can be complementary: FlowSpec can provide fine-
   grained filtering, while SSB provides cryptographically verifiable
   source authorization.

10.2.  RPKI Route Origin Authorization (ROA)

   A Route Origin Authorization (ROA) [RFC6482] authorizes an AS to
   originate a destination prefix.  ROAs enable destination prefix
   validation but do not address source prefixes.

   Relationship to SSB:





Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 22]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   *  SPAs and ROAs use the same RPKI infrastructure (certificates,
      repositories, validators).

   *  A prefix holder can publish both ROAs (to authorize origin ASes)
      and SPAs (to authorize source prefixes).

   *  ROAs validate "who can announce this prefix"; SPAs validate "who
      can send traffic to this prefix."

   Both mechanisms are complementary and can be deployed together.

10.3.  Remotely Triggered Black Hole (RTBH) Filtering

   RTBH [RFC5635] allows a network to remotely trigger upstream routers
   to drop all traffic destined to a specific prefix, typically used for
   DDoS mitigation.

   Differences from SSB:

   *  Granularity: RTBH drops all traffic; SSB allows selective
      filtering based on source.

   *  Use case: RTBH is a last-resort defence; SSB is a proactive access
      control mechanism.

   *  Authorization: RTBH relies on trust between ASes; SSB uses
      cryptographic authorization.

   SSB provides a more flexible alternative to RTBH by allowing networks
   to block attack traffic while continuing to accept legitimate traffic
   from authorized sources.

10.4.  Internet Routing Registry (IRR) and RPSL

   The Internet Routing Registry (IRR) and Routing Policy Specification
   Language (RPSL) [RFC2622] allow network operators to publish routing
   policies, including source-based policies for BGP advertisements.

   Differences from SSB:

   *  Routing Paradigm: IRR/RPSL focus entirely on destination routing;
      they lack data structures to map allowed source prefixes to
      destination space.

   *  Cryptographic security: IRR/RPSL lack strong authentication; SSB
      uses RPKI signatures.





Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 23]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   *  Data plane enforcement: IRR/RPSL are informational and revolve
      around control plane; SSB enables automated data plane filter
      installation.

   *  Adoption: IRR data quality and authentication are inconsistent;
      SSB builds on the more rigorous RPKI framework.

11.  Security Considerations

11.1.  RPKI Security Model

   SSB inherits the security properties of RPKI:

   *  Trust anchor: The five Regional Internet Registries (RIRs) operate
      RPKI trust anchors.

   *  Certificate hierarchy: Resource certificates bind IP prefixes and
      AS numbers to public keys.

   *  Signed objects: SPAs are signed using the prefix holder's
      certificate, ensuring authenticity and integrity.

   Threats and mitigations:

   *  Compromise of RPKI trust anchor: Would allow forging SPAs for any
      prefix.  Mitigation: RIRs follow rigorous operational security
      practices; multiple trust anchors provide some redundancy.

   *  Compromise of resource certificate: Would allow an attacker to
      forge SPAs for the covered prefixes.  Mitigation: Certificate
      holders should protect private keys using Hardware Security
      Modules (HSMs) and follow key management best practices.

   *  Replay attacks: An attacker could replay an old, expired SPA.
      Mitigation: SPAs include validity periods and are checked against
      the current time; RPKI validators distribute only currently valid
      SPAs.

   SSB assumes the integrity of the RPKI trust hierarchy for
   authorization, while making no assumptions about the trustworthiness
   of the global BGP control plane beyond reachability propagation.

11.2.  Source Address Validation

   SSB enforces source-based filtering but does not, by itself, validate
   that packets are actually originated from the claimed source prefix
   (i.e., it does not prevent source address spoofing).




Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 24]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   Complementary mechanisms:

   *  Source Address Validation (SAV): Techniques such as BCP 38
      [RFC2827] (ingress filtering) and uRPF (Unicast Reverse Path
      Forwarding) [RFC3704] prevent spoofing by verifying that packets
      arrive on interfaces consistent with the source address.

   *  RPKI-based SAV: Proposals exist to use RPKI to enhance SAV (e.g.,
      by distributing prefix-to-AS mappings).

   Operators deploying SSB are strongly encouraged to also deploy SAV
   mechanisms to ensure that source addresses cannot be spoofed.

11.3.  Denial of Service Vectors

   Potential DoS attacks against SSB infrastructure:

   *  SPA repository flooding: An attacker could publish large numbers
      of SPAs to overwhelm validators and routers.  Mitigation: RPKI
      repositories have size limits and rate-limiting; routers can
      selectively fetch SPAs for prefixes of interest.

   *  SPA validation overhead: An attacker could advertise many prefixes
      with SOURCE_SELECTIVE attributes to force RPKI Validators to
      process many SPAs.  Mitigation: RPKI Validators can cache
      validated SPAs and rate-limit validation requests.

   *  Data plane filter exhaustion: An attacker could attempt to exhaust
      router memory by advertising many prefixes with large source
      prefix lists.  Mitigation: Routers can limit the number of SPA
      filters installed and prioritize enforcement for critical
      prefixes.

11.4.  Operational Security

   Best practices for operators deploying SSB:

   *  Protect RPKI private keys: Use HSMs and restrict access to key
      material.

   *  Validate SPA signatures: Ensure RPKI Validators verify
      cryptographic signatures before sending the SPA payload to
      routers.

   *  Monitor SPA publication: Detect unauthorized or unexpected SPAs
      for your prefixes.





Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 25]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   *  Test SPA configurations: Verify that SPAs correctly authorize
      intended sources and do not inadvertently block legitimate
      traffic.

   *  Coordinate with partners: When deploying SSB for B2B connectivity,
      coordinate with partners to ensure their source prefixes are
      correctly authorized.

11.5.  BGP Control Plane Manipulation

   Like standard path attributes, SOURCE_SELECTIVE signaling is
   susceptible to manipulation, such as removal or SA-ID inflation, by
   transit routers along the path.  Because this vulnerability is
   inherent to BGP, mitigation relies on established internet peering
   reputations, reinforced by public ISP looking glass portals that
   allow external operators to openly audit and detect Path Attribute
   modifications.

12.  IANA Considerations

   This document makes no requests of IANA.

13.  Acknowledgments

   The author would like to thank Ritesh Mukherjee (Nokia) and
   individual reviewers from the IETF community for their valuable
   feedback and contributions during the development of this document.

   The design of Source-Selective BGP (SSB) builds on decades of work in
   BGP, RPKI, and secure routing, and the author gratefully acknowledges
   the contributions of the IETF IDR, SIDROPS, and GROW working groups.

14.  References

14.1.  Normative References

   [I-D.braet-idr-bgp-source-selective-attr]
              Braet, K., "BGP Source-Selective Attribute", Work in
              Progress, Internet-Draft, draft-braet-idr-bgp-source-
              selective-attr, 2026,
              <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-braet-idr-
              bgp-source-selective-attr>.









Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 26]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   [I-D.braet-sidrops-spa-profile]
              Braet, K., "A Profile for Source Prefix Authorizations
              (SPAs)", Work in Progress, Internet-Draft, draft-braet-
              sidrops-spa-profile, 2026,
              <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-braet-
              sidrops-spa-profile>.

   [RFC4271]  Rekhter, Y., Ed., Li, T., Ed., and S. Hares, Ed., "A
              Border Gateway Protocol 4 (BGP-4)", RFC 4271,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC4271, January 2006,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc4271>.

   [RFC6480]  Lepinski, M. and S. Kent, "An Infrastructure to Support
              Secure Internet Routing", RFC 6480, DOI 10.17487/RFC6480,
              February 2012, <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6480>.

14.2.  Informative References

   [RFC2622]  Alaettinoglu, C., Villamizar, C., Gerich, E., Kessens, D.,
              Meyer, D., Bates, T., Karrenberg, D., and M. Terpstra,
              "Routing Policy Specification Language (RPSL)", RFC 2622,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC2622, June 1999,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2622>.

   [RFC2827]  Ferguson, P. and D. Senie, "Network Ingress Filtering:
              Defeating Denial of Service Attacks which employ IP Source
              Address Spoofing", BCP 38, RFC 2827, DOI 10.17487/RFC2827,
              May 2000, <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2827>.

   [RFC3704]  Baker, F. and P. Savola, "Ingress Filtering for Multihomed
              Networks", BCP 84, RFC 3704, DOI 10.17487/RFC3704, March
              2004, <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3704>.

   [RFC5635]  Kumari, W. and D. McPherson, "Remote Triggered Black Hole
              Filtering with Unicast Reverse Path Forwarding (uRPF)",
              RFC 5635, DOI 10.17487/RFC5635, August 2009,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5635>.

   [RFC5652]  Housley, R., "Cryptographic Message Syntax (CMS)", STD 70,
              RFC 5652, DOI 10.17487/RFC5652, September 2009,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5652>.

   [RFC6482]  Lepinski, M., Kent, S., and D. Kong, "A Profile for Route
              Origin Authorizations (ROAs)", RFC 6482,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC6482, February 2012,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6482>.





Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 27]

Internet-Draft                     SSB                         June 2026


   [RFC8210]  Bush, R. and R. Austein, "The Resource Public Key
              Infrastructure (RPKI) to Router Protocol, Version 1",
              RFC 8210, DOI 10.17487/RFC8210, September 2017,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8210>.

   [RFC8782]  Reddy.K, T., Ed., Boucadair, M., Ed., Patil, P.,
              Mortensen, A., and N. Teague, "Distributed Denial-of-
              Service Open Threat Signaling (DOTS) Signal Channel
              Specification", RFC 8782, DOI 10.17487/RFC8782, May 2020,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8782>.

   [RFC8955]  Loibl, C., Hares, S., Raszuk, R., McPherson, D., and M.
              Bacher, "Dissemination of Flow Specification Rules",
              RFC 8955, DOI 10.17487/RFC8955, December 2020,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8955>.

Author's Address

   Kamiel Braet
   Liberty Global Ltd.
   Netherlands
   Email: kabraet@libertyglobal.com





























Braet                   Expires 18 December 2026               [Page 28]
