



Inter-Domain Routing                                             Y. Yuan
Internet-Draft                                   Zhongguancun Laboratory
Intended status: Informational                                     K. Xu
Expires: 2 January 2027                              Tsinghua University
                                                                S. Jiang
                                                 Zhongguancun Laboratory
                                                              J. H. Wang
                                                                  Z. Liu
                                                     Tsinghua University
                                                             1 July 2026


             Threat Model for BGP Color Extended Community
                  draft-yuan-idr-bgp-color-threats-00

Abstract

   The BGP Color Extended Community carries a user-defined Color value
   that is configured locally and has no globally standardized
   semantics.  Although this design is suitable for local policy
   expression, it raises security concerns when Color values are
   propagated across Autonomous System (AS) boundaries and used to
   influence forwarding behavior in another domain.

   This document describes a threat model for that context, following
   the structure used by RFC 7132.  It defines relevant terminology,
   characterizes the classes of adversaries considered to be threats,
   examines the classes of attacks that those threats are able to effect
   against Color-based forwarding, and concludes with a discussion of
   residual vulnerabilities.  It does not revisit attacks against
   unprotected BGP, and it defines no new protocol mechanism.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 2 January 2027.



Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                 [Page 1]

Internet-Draft           BGP Color Threat Model                July 2026


Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2026 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/
   license-info) in effect on the date of publication of this document.
   Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights
   and restrictions with respect to this document.  Code Components
   extracted from this document must include Revised BSD License text as
   described in Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are
   provided without warranty as described in the Revised BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   2
   2.  Terminology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   3
   3.  Threat Characterization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   5
   4.  Attack Characterization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   6
     4.1.  Active Wiretapping of Sessions between BGP Speakers . . .   6
     4.2.  Attacks on the Color Extended Community . . . . . . . . .   6
     4.3.  Attacks on Operator Management and Controller Systems . .   8
   5.  Residual Vulnerabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   8
   6.  Security Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   9
   7.  IANA Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  10
   8.  Normative References  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  10
   9.  Informative References  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  10
   Acknowledgements  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  11
   Authors' Addresses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  11

1.  Introduction

   The BGP Color Extended Community [RFC9012] carries a 32-bit, user-
   defined Color value that is locally configured to express forwarding
   intent, but the attribute does not identify or authenticate the AS
   that originated the value.

   The locally configured nature of Color values creates a security
   concern when they are used across administrative boundaries.  Several
   technologies carry a Color value across AS boundaries and use it to
   select a forwarding treatment in a remote domain:

   *  Segment Routing Policy [RFC9256] uses the Color value to steer
      traffic onto a candidate path between a headend and an endpoint
      that may reside in different ASes.





Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                 [Page 2]

Internet-Draft           BGP Color Threat Model                July 2026


   *  BGP Color-Aware Routing [RFC9871] advertises Color-bearing routes
      between ASes and resolves them onto a local color-aware transport
      path.

   *  BGP Colored Prefix Routing [RFC9723] binds Color values to IPv6
      prefixes advertised across AS boundaries, and the receiving AS
      uses the value to select a forwarding treatment for the prefix.

   In each case the receiving AS maps the received Color value onto a
   local forwarding construct based solely on the value itself.  The
   Color Extended Community carries no information identifying the AS
   that injected the value, and there is no binding between the Color
   and the AS_PATH attribute.  Consequently, a receiving AS cannot
   determine where along the propagation path a Color was originated or
   altered, and it implicitly trusts the value as received.

   This document describes the security context in which Color-based
   forwarding operates across AS boundaries.  Following the approach of
   [RFC7132], it characterizes the classes of adversaries considered to
   be threats and the classes of attacks they may launch against Color-
   based forwarding, and it concludes with residual vulnerabilities.
   The security focus of this document is the integrity and authenticity
   of the Color value and the ability of a receiving AS to attribute a
   Color value to an authorized origin.

   This document does not revisit attacks against unprotected BGP, which
   are addressed in [RFC4271] and [RFC4272], nor attacks on the BGP
   transport session, which are addressed by existing session-protection
   mechanisms.  It defines no new protocol mechanism and does not, by
   itself, address any of the threats it describes.

   The security model adopted here does not assume an oracle with global
   visibility of all Color values originated and propagated by every AS.
   It is an AS-centric model, consistent with the AS-centric model that
   BGP employs for routing: each AS reasons locally about whether a
   received Color value is legitimate.

2.  Terminology

   The following security and routing terminology is used in this
   document.  Security terms follow the usage in [RFC7132].

   Adversary
      An entity that is perceived as malicious relative to the security
      policy of a system.  It is common to describe classes of
      adversaries with similar capabilities or motivations rather than
      specific individuals or organizations.




Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                 [Page 3]

Internet-Draft           BGP Color Threat Model                July 2026


   Attack
      An action that attempts to violate the security policy of a
      system, e.g., by exploiting a vulnerability.

   Autonomous System (AS)
      A set of one or more IP networks operated by a single
      administrative entity.

   AS_PATH
      The BGP path attribute that records the sequence of ASes through
      which a route has passed [RFC4271].

   Border Gateway Protocol (BGP)
      A path vector protocol used to convey reachability information
      among ASes in support of inter-domain routing [RFC4271].

   Color Extended Community
      The transitive opaque extended community defined in Section 4.3 of
      [RFC9012] that carries a 32-bit Color value.

   Color Value (Color)
      The 32-bit, user-defined value carried in the Color Extended
      Community, used to express forwarding intent.

   Color Origin
      The AS at which a particular Color value was first associated with
      a route.  The Color Origin is not necessarily the route origin
      recorded in the AS_PATH, and it is not carried in any attribute.

   Countermeasure
      A procedure or technique that thwarts an attack, preventing it
      from succeeding.

   Forwarding Construct
      A local resource onto which a receiving AS maps a Color value,
      such as an SR Policy candidate path [RFC9256], a color-aware
      transport path [RFC9871], or a forwarding treatment associated
      with a colored prefix [RFC9723].

   Man in the Middle (MITM)
      An entity able to examine and modify traffic between two or more
      parties on a communication path.

   Network Operator
      An entity that manages an AS and thus emits (E)BGP updates.

   Threat




Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                 [Page 4]

Internet-Draft           BGP Color Threat Model                July 2026


      A motivated, capable adversary.  An adversary that is not
      motivated to launch an attack is not a threat, and an adversary
      that is motivated but not capable of launching an attack is also
      not a threat.

   Vulnerability
      A flaw or weakness in the design, implementation, or operation of
      a system that could be exploited to violate the security policy of
      that system.

3.  Threat Characterization

   As defined in Section 2, a threat is a motivated, capable adversary.
   The classes below represent adversaries viewed as relevant to Color-
   based forwarding across AS boundaries.  Because a Color value is an
   ordinary path attribute, any entity in a position to originate or
   forward a BGP route is in a position to set, alter, or remove the
   Color Extended Community on that route.

   Network Operators
      A network operator may be a threat.  An operator controls the BGP
      speakers in its AS and can therefore attach, change, or strip a
      Color value on routes it originates or forwards.  An operator may
      be motivated to color or recolor routes so that traffic from other
      domains is steered onto paths that are economically advantageous
      to it, onto paths it is able to observe, or off paths that another
      domain intended for compliance, filtering, or accounting.
      Misconfigured or faulty speakers controlled by an operator can
      produce the same effects without malicious intent; the receiving
      AS cannot distinguish the two cases, and so this class also
      encompasses non-malicious error.

   Hackers
      Hackers are considered a threat.  A hacker who assumes control of
      a router, an SR Policy headend, or a management system can act as
      a rogue operator (see above) for the affected AS.  Hackers are
      generally not assumed to be capable of MITM attacks on arbitrary
      links between ASes.

   Criminals
      Criminals may be a threat.  Criminals might coerce a network
      operator into acting as a rogue operator, or coerce the staff of a
      transport provider into enabling a MITM attack on an inter-AS
      link.  Motivations include extorting operators or their customers
      by degrading service through adverse steering, or concealing the
      source of other activity by manipulating the path that traffic
      follows.




Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                 [Page 5]

Internet-Draft           BGP Color Threat Model                July 2026


   Nations
      A nation may be a threat.  A nation may control or compel
      operators within its territory to act as rogue operators, and may
      possess an active wiretapping capability that enables MITM attacks
      on inter-AS traffic.  National motivations include steering
      traffic onto paths that can be monitored, or diverting traffic
      destined for other nations.

4.  Attack Characterization

   This section describes classes of attacks against Color-based
   forwarding.  Attacks are classified by their target.  The attacks of
   interest are those that violate the integrity or authenticity of the
   Color value or the authenticity of its origin.

   Throughout this section, behavior that is fully explained by a
   receiving or forwarding AS's own local policy is not classified as an
   attack, because such behavior is within the purview of each AS and is
   beyond what any Color origin mechanism could be expected to detect as
   unauthorized.  For example, a receiving AS that declines to act on a
   Color value, or that maps it to a different forwarding construct than
   the originator intended, is exercising local policy.  Likewise, an AS
   that, by its own configuration, sets a Color on routes it originates
   for its own customers is behaving normally.

4.1.  Active Wiretapping of Sessions between BGP Speakers

   An adversary positioned as a MITM on the link carrying a BGP session
   can forge, modify, or suppress any attribute in transit, including
   the Color Extended Community.  Remote attacks against the session and
   MITM attacks are addressed by the session-protection mechanisms
   available to BGP, such as TCP-AO and IPsec, and the corresponding
   countermeasures are described in [RFC4272].  This document therefore
   does not address such attacks further, except to note that protecting
   the session does not protect against a peer that is itself the
   adversary (Section 4.2).

4.2.  Attacks on the Color Extended Community

   Any speaker that originates or forwards a route is able to manipulate
   the Color Extended Community on that route.  Because no mechanism
   binds a Color value to an authorized origin AS, and because the Color
   Extended Community is not covered by AS_PATH integrity mechanisms,
   the receiving AS generally cannot detect the manipulations below.
   The list illustrates attacks of this class.

   Color Injection (False Color Origination)




Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                 [Page 6]

Internet-Draft           BGP Color Threat Model                July 2026


      A speaker attaches a Color value to a route whose legitimate
      origin did not color it, or colors it with a value the origin did
      not intend.  The receiving AS maps the value onto a local
      forwarding construct and steers traffic accordingly.  This is the
      central attack addressed by this document; there is no information
      in the route by which the receiver can attribute the Color to an
      authorized origin.  The consequence is that traffic may be steered
      onto a path not intended by the legitimate originator, potentially
      bypassing paths designated for compliance, filtering, or
      accounting, or onto a constrained or overloaded path resulting in
      degraded service.  This attack has the broadest potential impact
      of the attacks described in this subsection.

   Color Recoloring (Modification in Transit)
      A transit speaker changes the Color value on a route it forwards.
      [RFC9012] specifies that the Color value is not to be modified
      during propagation, but this is a requirement on conforming
      implementations, not an enforced property.  BGPsec [RFC8205]
      protects the AS_PATH attribute but does not extend protection to
      extended communities, so recoloring by a malicious, compromised,
      or misconfigured speaker is not detectable by the receiver.  The
      impact is equivalent to that of Color Injection at the point of
      modification: all downstream ASes receive and act on the altered
      value, multiplying the effect across any AS that subsequently maps
      the Color to a forwarding construct.

   Color Stripping (Steering Downgrade)
      A speaker removes the Color Extended Community so that a route is
      no longer steered and falls back to default forwarding.  At an AS
      boundary where the operator's policy is to remove extended
      communities, this is local policy and not an attack.  Within a
      domain across which the Color is intended to remain transitive, an
      on-path speaker that silently removes the Color contrary to that
      intent is effecting an attack, which the receiver experiences as
      the absence of intended steering.  The impact is a silent
      degradation: traffic follows a default path rather than the
      intended one, which may violate service, compliance, or accounting
      requirements without producing any error condition visible to the
      originating AS.

   Stale or Replayed Color Values
      The Color Extended Community carries no freshness, lifetime, or
      sequence information.  As a result, a receiving AS cannot
      distinguish a Color value that was recently attached from one that
      was previously attached and later re-presented on another route.






Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                 [Page 7]

Internet-Draft           BGP Color Threat Model                July 2026


      In the current protocol, however, such behavior does not create a
      separate class of attack beyond unauthorized Color attachment or
      modification.  If a speaker attaches a previously observed Color
      value to a route, the relevant attack is Color Injection.  If a
      speaker replaces one Color value with a previously observed value,
      the relevant attack is Color Recoloring.

      This document therefore does not treat replay as an independent
      attack class.  If a future mechanism defines a validity interval,
      sequence number, or other freshness property for Color values,
      then use of an expired or stale Color value would need to be
      reconsidered as a distinct attack.

4.3.  Attacks on Operator Management and Controller Systems

   An adversary may attack the systems an operator uses to manage Color
   semantics rather than the routes directly: the controllers that
   define Color-to-policy mappings, that program SR Policy candidate
   paths, or that configure which Color values are originated, accepted,
   or filtered at boundaries.  An adversary who compromises such a
   system can change these mappings, causing traffic to be steered onto
   unintended constructs.  Externally, this appears as rogue-operator
   behavior and cannot be distinguished by other ASes from a deliberate
   local policy decision.

5.  Residual Vulnerabilities

   The following vulnerabilities are not addressed by mechanisms
   available today and appear likely to remain outside the scope of
   point fixes.

   *  No binding between Color and origin.  There is no attribute or
      signed object that binds a Color value to the AS authorized to
      originate it, and no binding between the Color Extended Community
      and the AS_PATH.  A receiving AS therefore cannot verify the Color
      Origin and implicitly trusts the value as received.  BGPsec
      [RFC8205] does not close this gap, because it protects only the
      AS_PATH.

   *  Boundary filtering is partial and in tension with the intended
      use.  The principal countermeasure deployed in practice is the
      filtering or rewriting of extended communities at eBGP boundaries.
      This is effective only where it is configured, it is not uniform
      across the Internet, and it relies on each operator's local policy
      rather than on any property of the protocol.  More fundamentally,
      it is in direct tension with the transitive, cross-domain use of
      Color in [RFC9256], [RFC9723], and [RFC9871]: where a Color value
      is meant to cross a boundary and drive forwarding in a remote



Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                 [Page 8]

Internet-Draft           BGP Color Threat Model                July 2026


      domain, filtering it at the boundary defeats the function.
      Boundary filtering therefore protects only those deployments in
      which the Color was never intended to transit, and it cannot serve
      as the basis for trust in deployments where it is.

   *  Indistinguishability from local policy.  A receiving AS that
      ignores, remaps, or strips a Color value in accordance with its
      own configuration cannot be distinguished, from outside that AS,
      from an AS that does so as an attack.  This is intrinsic to the
      AS-centric model and is outside the scope of any Color origin
      mechanism, in the same sense that route leaks and the failure to
      withdraw a route are discussed as out of scope in [RFC7132].

   *  Trusted multi-domain deployments.  Even within a set of ASes that
      share a single trust relationship, such as a confederation or a
      contracted multi-domain SR deployment, there is at present no
      means for a receiving AS to confirm that a Color value was
      originated at the AS authorized to express that intent.

6.  Security Considerations

   This document is, by its nature, security-centric.  Like any threat
   model, it neither creates nor purports to resolve security problems.
   It postulates a set of threats, examines the classes of attacks those
   threats can effect against Color-based forwarding, and notes which
   attacks existing mechanisms do and do not address.

   The central residual vulnerability is the absence of any means for a
   receiving AS to verify the origin of a received Color value.  The
   consequences include traffic being steered onto a path not intended
   by the legitimate originator, off a path intended for compliance,
   filtering, or accounting, or onto a constrained or overloaded path,
   resulting in congestion or service degradation.

   Two directions for future work follow from this analysis.  First, a
   mechanism that binds a Color value to an authorized origin AS would
   address Color Injection and Color Recoloring directly.  Such a
   mechanism might take the form of a signed object associating a Color
   value with an originating AS, analogous to the Route Origin
   Authorization (ROA) used in RPKI [RFC6482], or an extension to BGPsec
   [RFC8205] that extends AS_PATH integrity protection to cover the
   Color Extended Community.  Second, a mechanism that associates a
   validity interval, sequence number, or other freshness property with
   a Color value would make stale or replayed Color values detectable,
   which the current protocol does not support.






Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                 [Page 9]

Internet-Draft           BGP Color Threat Model                July 2026


   Operational countermeasures, including filtering and rewriting of
   extended communities at eBGP boundaries, remain the principal means
   of limiting exposure in deployments where Color values are not
   intended to cross AS boundaries.  As noted in Section 5, these
   countermeasures are ineffective where Color values are intended to
   remain transitive across AS boundaries, which is precisely the
   deployment model assumed by [RFC9256], [RFC9723], and [RFC9871].  In
   those deployments, the threats described in this document are not
   mitigated by any mechanism available today.

7.  IANA Considerations

   This document has no IANA actions.

8.  Normative References

   [RFC4271]  Rekhter, Y., Ed., Li, T., Ed., and S. Hares, Ed., "A
              Border Gateway Protocol 4 (BGP-4)", RFC 4271,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC4271, January 2006,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc4271>.

   [RFC9012]  Patel, K., Van de Velde, G., Sangli, S., and J. Scudder,
              "The BGP Tunnel Encapsulation Attribute", RFC 9012,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC9012, April 2021,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc9012>.

9.  Informative References

   [RFC4272]  Murphy, S., "BGP Security Vulnerabilities Analysis",
              RFC 4272, DOI 10.17487/RFC4272, January 2006,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc4272>.

   [RFC6482]  Lepinski, M., Kent, S., and D. Kong, "A Profile for Route
              Origin Authorizations (ROAs)", RFC 6482,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC6482, February 2012,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc6482>.

   [RFC7132]  Kent, S. and A. Chi, "Threat Model for BGP Path Security",
              RFC 7132, DOI 10.17487/RFC7132, February 2014,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc7132>.

   [RFC8205]  Lepinski, M., Ed. and K. Sriram, Ed., "BGPsec Protocol
              Specification", RFC 8205, DOI 10.17487/RFC8205, September
              2017, <https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8205>.







Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                [Page 10]

Internet-Draft           BGP Color Threat Model                July 2026


   [RFC9256]  Filsfils, C., Talaulikar, K., Voyer, D., Bogdanov, A., and
              P. Mattes, "Segment Routing Policy Architecture",
              RFC 9256, DOI 10.17487/RFC9256, July 2022,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc9256>.

   [RFC9723]  Wang, H., Dong, J., Talaulikar, K., Han, T., and R. Chen,
              "BGP Colored Prefix Routing (CPR) for Services Based on
              Segment Routing over IPv6 (SRv6)", RFC 9723,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC9723, May 2025,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc9723>.

   [RFC9871]  Rao, D., Ed. and S. Agrawal, Ed., "BGP Color-Aware Routing
              (CAR)", RFC 9871, DOI 10.17487/RFC9871, November 2025,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc9871>.

Acknowledgements

   The authors would like to thank TBD for their reviews and
   contributions to this document.  The structure of this document
   follows the threat model in [RFC7132].

Authors' Addresses

   Yuan Yuan
   Zhongguancun Laboratory
   Beijing
   China
   Email: yuany@zgclab.edu.cn


   Ke Xu
   Tsinghua University
   Beijing
   China
   Email: xuke@tsinghua.edu.cn


   Shenglin Jiang
   Zhongguancun Laboratory
   Beijing
   China
   Email: jiangshl@zgclab.edu.cn









Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                [Page 11]

Internet-Draft           BGP Color Threat Model                July 2026


   Jessie Hui Wang
   Tsinghua University
   Beijing
   100084
   China
   Email: jessiewang@tsinghua.edu.cn


   Zhuotao Liu
   Tsinghua University
   Beijing
   China
   Email: zhuotaoliu@tsinghua.edu.cn






































Yuan, et al.             Expires 2 January 2027                [Page 12]
