Semantic Similarity Score: 0.4381023347377777
Reference: deterministic pass forwarding yeah okay it's this one i have got the slide so i am yeah okay just a minute okay okay just a moment for some technical dissiculty okay you have got it all right you have to give him the yeah yep now its working all right as we know today's data center use the cloud topology with IP forwarding and  usually BGP is the only used routing protocol. So this design is simple for a reason just because for reduce the cost maximize the  intorp but whenever you go simple there's always a limitation so here in the simple design all of those uh youdon't really have control its usually randomly passed to maximize the ECMP at every stage and BGP DPF on either side is trying to separate uh physical IP fabric into multiple logical fabrics or color fabrics and then we can map flows to different kind of fabrics to achieve node balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid fixturing. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabrics. To further explaint he DPF let me use a few uh use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is Queue pair pinning. This is a use case in AI ML fabric . Well today when one GPU want to send data towards another GPU. We use usually use the RDMA and the ROCEv2 can be used to send those flows and when you send a big chuck of data we also allow them to partition the big chunk of data into n number of equal amount of smaller chuck for better granularity. So each each chunk is identified by uh queue pair in the ROCEv2 header so if we map different flows into different kind of fabric in theory we can make sure each of the kind of fabric has perfect node balancing so this will help avoid the congestion proactively. A second use case is for the multi tenency for GPU as a service. Lets say we have a red tenant and a blue tenant they may have different SLA requirement and they may pay different prices so lets say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric and we map the red tenant towards the red fabric blue tenant with the blue fabric. This way their traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other and we could achieve different SLA for different categories of canon. There are also cases where people may want to avoid fate sharing and one such example is in the again in the AML fabric. Uh you may want to run your exception towards the green fabric while your data flow towards the red fabric and blue flow blue fabrics so that your exception flow don't share the same fate as your data flow and the other use case is in the factories people usually use the PRP which stands for paralled redundant protocol to control those robots and what PRP do is it try to replicate each packet into two duplicate two identical copies for redundancy. In case one copy is lost you robot is still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through disjoint paths. So in this example if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have help to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the EBGP session. No the way we color the fabric is ...
Hypothesis: It's a realistic password in. Yeah. Okay. It's this one. Okay. No, I've got the slide to it. I'm going to slide. I'm going to slide. Yeah. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay. You've got it. All right. You have to give him the. Yeah. Yep. You're ready back. Okay. Yeah. I was booking. All right. As we know, today's data is under. You're doing it. Okay. Okay. Okay. So today's data center. You're using the. The cloud upon the G. And with IP forwarding. And the. You're doing it. BGP is the only used. The bottom product. So this design is simple. It's designed. Simple for reason. It's because for. Use the cost. That's nice. The in top. But whenever you go simple. That's always some limitation. So here in the simple design. The cloud. And you don't really have control. It's usually randomly pass to your. Maximize the UC MP at every stage. And BGPPF on other side. It's trying to separate. A physical. I prefer it into multiple. No. Fabric or kind of fabrics. And then we come back. Knows to different kind of fabric. So achieve not balancing or differentiated. S.L.A. or avoid filtering. And it is a lightweight. Traffic engineering for IP fabric. To further explain. The TF then we use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called Q. Cloud pinning. This is a use case in the AI.M.L. fabric. We are today. When one GPU wants to send data to another GPU. We use using the idea. And the rocket we can be used. To send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data. We also are now then. To partition the big chunk of data. Into n number of equal amount of smaller chunk. For better granularity. So each chunk is identified by. So if we map different flows. In different colored fabric. In theory. We can make sure each of the colored fabric. As. Perfect. Not balancing. So this will help avoid. The congestion. Correctively. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy. For GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red tannin and a blue tannin. And they may have different S.R. requirement. And the very particular price is. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric. And the blue fabric. And the red tannin was blue fabric. This way. They will be isolated. And the red fabric. And the blue fabric. This way. They will be isolated. And they will not interact with each other. And we could achieve different S.R.R.Rs for different categories of tannin. There are also cases where people may want to avoid. For sharing. One such example is in. Again in the air. And you may want to. For the green. By the data flow towards the red and blue. Blue fabrics. So that your exception flow. And she out of the same fit as your data flow. And the other use case is. In the factories. People are using the use the PRP. Which stands for a pernale. We're done in the protocol. To control those robots. And what PRP do is. It's tried to replicate each packet. Into two identical copies. For redundancy. In case one copy is lost. You will. Robert is still working. However. This kind of redundancy only works. If you can make sure both copies goes through. It's joined past. So in this example. If we map one copy. For the blue fabric. And one copy over the red fabric. You would have to maximize. The redundancy. The way we kind of. The EBG possession. So the way we kind of the fabric is.
Model: all-MiniLM-L6-v2
Semantic Similarity Score: 0.4381023347377777
F1_BertScore:0.8614
