it's a mistake possible in the F. Okay, it's this one. Okay. Okay. No, I've got the slides so I remember I was like, I need you. Yeah. Okay, just a minute. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay. You've got it. All right. You have to give him the. Yep. That is that. Okay. Yeah. That was lucky. So, I'm going to go to the standard standard usually use the Cloud Abology with IP folding and usually BGP is the only used routing product. So this design is simple. It's designed simple for reason, it's just because for reduced cost, that's nice in top. But whenever you go simple, there's always some limitation. So here in the simple design, you don't really have control. It's usually randomly classed to maximize the ECMP at every stage. And BGP-PPF on the other side is trying to separate our physical IP fabric into multiple, logical fabric or color fabrics. And then we come back close to different color fabric to achieve not balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid fit sharing. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabrics. To further explain, DFF, let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPLP. This is a use case in the AI ML fabric. Well, today, when one GPU, one cent data, towards another GPU, we use using the idea many and the rocket will be used to set those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also allow them to position the big chunk of data into a number of equal amount of monochunk for better continuity. So each chunk is identified by QPL in the rocket beta header. So if we map different flows into different color fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the color fabric has perfect not balancing. So this will help avoid the congestion productivity. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a rat-tenant and a blue-tenant. And they may have different SRA requirements and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a rat fabric and a blue fabric and we map the rat-tenant towards the rat fabric. The blue-tenant was blue-fabric. This way, their traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other. And we could achieve different SRS for different categories of tenants. There are also cases where people may want to avoid fit sharing. One such example is in the, again, in the air of fabric. You may want to evaluate the action flow towards the green-fabric while your third-off node towards the rat and the blue-fabric. So that your exception flow on the shared same fit as your third-fabric. The other use case is in the factories. People usually use the PRP which stands for a parallel redundant protocol to control those robots. And what PRP do is it try to replicate each packet into two identical copies for redundancy. In case one copy is not, you will robot is still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through this joint pass. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue-fabric and one copy over the rat fabric, you would have helped to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the image possession, the way we color the fabric is...