reference: deterministic pass forwarding yeah okay it's this one i have got the slide so i am yeah okay just a minute okay okay just a moment for some technical dissiculty okay you have got it all right you have to give him the yeah yep now its working all right as we know today's data center use the cloud topology with IP forwarding and  usually BGP is the only used routing protocol. So this design is simple for a reason just because for reduce the cost maximize the  intorp but whenever you go simple there's always a limitation so here in the simple design all of those uh youdon't really have control its usually randomly passed to maximize the ECMP at every stage and BGP DPF on either side is trying to separate uh physical IP fabric into multiple logical fabrics or color fabrics and then we can map flows to different kind of fabrics to achieve node balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid fixturing. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabrics. To further explaint he DPF let me use a few uh use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is Queue pair pinning. This is a use case in AI ML fabric . Well today when one GPU want to send data towards another GPU. We use usually use the RDMA and the ROCEv2 can be used to send those flows and when you send a big chuck of data we also allow them to partition the big chunk of data into n number of equal amount of smaller chuck for better granularity. So each each chunk is identified by uh queue pair in the ROCEv2 header so if we map different flows into different kind of fabric in theory we can make sure each of the kind of fabric has perfect node balancing so this will help avoid the congestion proactively. A second use case is for the multi tenency for GPU as a service. Lets say we have a red tenant and a blue tenant they may have different SLA requirement and they may pay different prices so lets say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric and we map the red tenant towards the red fabric blue tenant with the blue fabric. This way their traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other and we could achieve different SLA for different categories of canon. There are also cases where people may want to avoid fate sharing and one such example is in the again in the AML fabric. Uh you may want to run your exception towards the green fabric while your data flow towards the red fabric and blue flow blue fabrics so that your exception flow don't share the same fate as your data flow and the other use case is in the factories people usually use the PRP which stands for paralled redundant protocol to control those robots and what PRP do is it try to replicate each packet into two duplicate two identical copies for redundancy. In case one copy is lost you robot is still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through disjoint paths. So in this example if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have help to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the EBGP session. No the way we color the fabric is ...
hypothesis: It's this one. I've got the slides so I'm in the wrong place. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Just a moment for some technical difficulty. Do you have it? Okay. You've got it. All right. You have to give him the, yeah. Okay. Okay. All right. As we know today's data center usually use the clone topology with IP forwarding and usually BGP is the only used routing protocol. So this design is simple. It's designed simple for a reason. It's just because for reduced cost, maximize the in top. But whenever you go simple, there's always some limitation. So here in the simple design, all of those, you don't really have control. It's usually randomly fast to maximize the ECMP at every stage. And the BGP DPF on the other side is trying to separate our physical IP fabric into multiple logic fabric, fabric or color fabrics. And then we can map those two different kind of fabric. So achieve not balancing or differentiated SLA or avoid fit sharing. It is a lightweight traffic engineering for IP fabrics. To further explain DPF, let me use a few use cases to see how we can use it. The first use case is called QPALPINIM. This is a use case in the AI ML fabric. Today, when one GPU wants to send data towards another GPU, we usually use the RDMA and the ROK-V2 can be used to send those flows. And when you send a big chunk of data, we also allow them to partition the big chunk of data into n number of equal amount of smaller chunk for better granularity. So each chunk is identified by QPAL in the ROK-V2 header. So if we map different flows into different color fabric, in theory, we can make sure each of the color fabric has perfect not balancing. So this will help avoid the congestion reactivity. A second use case is for the multi-tenancy for GPU as a service. Let's say we have a red tenant and a blue tenant, and they may have different SLA requirements and they may pay different prices. So let's say the fabric is partitioned into a red fabric and a blue fabric, and we map the red tenant towards the red fabric, the blue tenant with blue fabric. This way, their traffic will be isolated and they will not interact with each other, and we could achieve different SLAs for different categories of tenant. There are also cases where people may want to avoid fit sharing. One such example is again in the AML fabric. You may want to map towards the green fabric while your data flow towards the red and the blue fabrics so that your exception flow won't share the same fit as your data flow. The other use case is in the factories. People usually use the PRP, which stands for a Paranal Redundant Protocol, to control those robots. What PRP do is it try to replicate each packet into two identical copies for redundancy. In case one copy is lost, the robot is still working. However, this kind of redundancy only works if you can make sure both copies go through this joint path. So in this example, if we map one copy towards the blue fabric and one copy over the red fabric, you would have to maximize the redundancy. The way we color the eBGP session, the way we color the fabric is...
Word Error Rate: 0.213 (21.28%)
Substitutions: ['i-> ive', 'slide-> slides', 'i-> the', 'am-> wrong', 'yeah-> place', 'dissiculty-> difficulty', 'okay-> do', 'yep-> okay', 'now-> okay', 'cloud-> clone', 'reduce-> reduced', 'intorp-> top', 'a-> some', 'uh-> you', 'youdont-> dont', 'passed-> fast', 'either-> other', 'uh-> our', 'logical-> fabric', 'fabrics-> fabric', 'flows-> those', 'to-> two', 'fabrics-> fabric', 'to-> so', 'node-> not', 'fixturing-> sharing', 'explaint-> explain', 'queue-> called', 'pair-> qpalpinim', 'want-> wants', 'rocev2-> rokv2', 'chuck-> chunk', 'chuck-> chunk', 'uh-> qpal', 'rocev2-> rokv2', 'kind-> color', 'kind-> color', 'node-> not', 'proactively-> reactivity', 'multi-> multitenancy', 'requirement-> requirements', 'sla-> slas', 'canon-> tenant', 'fate-> fit', 'run-> map', 'blue-> the', 'dont-> wont', 'fate-> fit', 'paralled-> paranal', 'you-> the', 'disjoint-> joint', 'paths-> path']
Deletions: ['deterministic', 'pass', 'forwarding', 'yeah', 'okay', 'have', 'its', 'working', 'the', 'he', 'uh', 'pinning', 'well', 'use', 'each', 'queue', 'pair', 'of', 'of', 'tenency', 'the', 'and', 'in', 'the', 'uh', 'your', 'exception', 'fabric', 'flow', 'and', 'and', 'duplicate', 'two', 'help', 'no']
Insertions: ['im', 'in', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'okay', 'it', 'okay', 'youve', 'usually', 'its', 'designed', 'simple', 'its', 'in', 'the', 'the', 'logic', 'fit', 'the', 'and', 'the', 'a', 'this']
